[ ♪ "SHOOK ONES PART II"
BY MOBB DEEP PLAYING ♪ ]
♪ WORD UP, SON, WORD ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ TO ALL THE KILLERS AND
A HUNDRED DOLLAR BILLERS ♪
♪ FOR REAL NIGGAS
WHO AIN'T GO NO FEELINGS ♪
♪ CHECK IT OUT, NOW ♪
♪ I GOT YOU STUCK
OFF THE REALNESS ♪
♪ WE BE THE INFAMOUS,
YOU HEARD OF US ♪
♪ OFFICIAL
QUEENSBRIDGE MURDERERS ♪
♪ THE MOBB COMES EQUIPPED
FOR WARFARE ♪
♪ BEWARE OF
MY CRIME FAMILY ♪
♪ WHO GOT 'NOUGH SHOTS
TO SHARE FOR ALL THOSE ♪
♪ WHO WANT TO PROFILE
AND POSE♪
♪ ROCK YOU IN YOUR FACE,
STAB YOUR BRAIN
WITH YOUR NOSE BONE ♪
♪ YOU ALL ALONE IN
THESE STREETS COUSIN
EVERY MAN FOR THEY SELF ♪
♪ IN THIS LAND,
WE BE GUNNIN' ♪
♪ AND KEEP THEM
SHOOK CREWS RUNNIN' ♪
♪ LIKE THEY SUPPOSED TO ♪
♪ THEY COME AROUND BUT
THEY NEVER COME CLOSE TO ♪
♪ I CAN SEE IT INSIDE
YOUR FACE ♪
♪ YOU'RE IN THE WRONG PLACE,
COWARDS LIKE YOU ♪
♪ JUST GET THEY WHOLE BODY
LACED UP ♪
♪ WITH BULLET HOLES
AND SUCH ♪
♪ SPEAK THE WRONG WORDS, MAN,
AND YOU WILL GET TOUCHED ♪
♪ YOU CAN PUT YOUR WHOLE
ARMY AGAINST MY TEAM ♪
♪ I GUARANTEE YOU
IT'LL BE YOUR VERY
LAST TIME BREATHIN' ♪
♪ YOUR SIMPLE WORDS
JUST DON'T MOVE ME ♪
♪ YOU'RE MINOR,
WE'RE MAJOR,
YOU'RE ALL UP ♪
♪ IN THE GAME
AND DON'T DESERVE
TO BE A PLAYER ♪
♪ DON'T MAKE ME HAVE TO
CALL YOUR NAME OUT ♪
♪ YOUR CREW
IS FEATHERWEIGHT ♪
♪ MY GUNSHOTS'LL
MAKE YOU LEVITATE ♪
♪ I'M ONLY 19
BUT MY MIND IS OLD ♪
♪ AND WHEN THE THINGS GET
FOR REAL MY WARM HEART
TURNS COLD ♪
♪ ANOTHER NIGGA DECEASED,
ANOTHER STORY GETS TOLD ♪
♪ IT AIN'T NOTHING,
REALLY, AYO DUN,
SPARK THE FILLY ♪
♪ SO I CAN GET MY MIND OFF
THESE YELLOW-BACKED NIGGAS ♪
♪ WHY THEY STILL ALIVE?
I DON'T KNOW, GO FIGURE ♪
-[ banging on door ]
-HOLD ON A MINUTE.
♪ I COULDN'T CHOOSE
A BETTER LOCATION ♪
♪ WHEN THE SLUGS
PENETRATE ♪
♪ YOU FEEL
A BURNIN' SENSATION ♪
♪ GETTIN' CLOSER TO GOD
IN A TIGHT SITUATION NOW♪
♪ TAKE THESE WORDS HOME
AND THINK IT THROUGH ♪
♪ OR THE NEXT RHYME I WRITE
MIGHT BE ABOUT YOU ♪
♪ SON, THEY SHOOK
'CAUSE AIN'T NO SUCH THINGS ♪
♪ AS HALFWAY CROOKS ♪
-[ MAN: ] WHAT THE FUCK?!
-HOLD ON A FUCKING MINUTE!
♪ AIN'T NO SUCH THINGS
AS HALFWAY CROOKS ♪
♪ SCARED TO DEATH
OR SCARED TO LOOK ♪
♪ LIVIN' THE LIFE THAT
OF DIAMONDS AND GUNS ♪
♪ THERE'S NUMEROUS WAYS YOU
CAN CHOOSE TO EARN FUNDS ♪
♪ SO SOME GET SHOT,
LOCKED DOWN AND TURNED NUNS ♪
♪ COWARDLY HEARTS AND
STRAIGHT UP SHOOK ONES ♪
♪ SHOOK ONES ♪
[ ♪ BASS BEAT FROM OUTSIDE ♪ ]
[ VOMITING ]
[ BANGING ON DOOR ]
YO, WHAT THE FUCK?
YO, WHAT THE FUCK, MAN?
QUIT PLAYING WITH
YOUR FUCKING SELF!
-[ FLUSHES ]
-OPEN THE DOOR!
WHAT THE FUCK, MAN?
-WHO THE FUCK IS YOU,
NIGGA?
-HEY!
WHERE THE HELL
YOU THINK YOU'RE GOING?
-GOING BACKSTAGE,
I'M IN THE BATTLE.
-YOU CAN'T GO BACKSTAGE.
MAN, COME ON, DOG,
I GOT A STAMP ON MY HAND.
-YOU GOTTA
GO AROUND FRONT.
-MAN, YOU JUST SEEN ME!
-I DIDN'T SEE NOTHING.
-I JUST CAME FROM--
MAN,
YOU JUST FUCKING SEEN ME!
I JUST WENT TO THE BATHROOM.
-WHOA, WHAT'S UP?
-THIS GUY'S GOT
A FUCKING PROBLEM.
YOU BETTER SHUT
THE FUCK UP.
HE'S STRAIGHT, DOG,
HE'S STRAIGHT.
-HE WITH YOU?
-YEAH.
OKAY, COOL, FUTURE.
BUT I THINK YOUR BOY
GOT AN ATTITUDE PROBLEM.
COME ON, MAC, YOU A CRAZY
MOTHERFUCKER, YOU KNOW THAT?
TRYING TO FIGHT BOUNCERS
AND SHIT.
THE FUCKING GUY'S OBVIOUSLY
GOT SOMETHING AGAINST ME.
I GO TO THE BATHROOM,
I COME RIGHT BACK AND...
RISE ABOVE THAT BULLSHIT.
HOLD ON, MAN.
YOU FUCKING THREW UP
ON YOURSELF, HUH?
-COME HERE, MAN.
-WHAT'S UP, DUDE?
[ LAUGHING ]
-HEY, RABBIT!
-I KNOW YOU READY, RABBIT.
WHERE YOU GOING?
HE HURLED
ON HIS SHIRT.
LET ME SEE IT.
YO, GET THE FUCK OFF ME,
CHEDDAR.
OH.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING, MAN?
COME ON,
IT'S DEAL TIME, RABBIT.
OUR CLICK'LL ON THE MAP AFTER
YOU WHUP SOME ASS TONIGHT.
ME AND JANEANE JUST BROKE UP.
-WHAT, AGAIN?
-AND I LEFT HER THE CAR.
OH, COME ON, RABBIT.
YO, SHE SAYS SHE'S PREGNANT.
WELL SHE'S GONNA NEED THE CAR
IF SHE'S PREGNANT.
I'M GONNA NEED
A PLACE TO CRASH.
YOU GONNA STAY
AT YOUR MOM'S?
[ ALL LAUGHING ]
COME ON.
YO, CAN I GET SOME
FUCKING PRIVACY HERE, MAN?
ALL RIGHT, COME ON, MAN,
COME ON.
-WHAT?
-YO, MY BAD, MAN,
I WAS JUST...
SO, LOOK,
IF SOMETHING'S GONNA
HAPPEN WITH THIS SHIT,
IT NEEDS TO HAPPEN NOW.
HEY, MAN, I FEEL YOU.
I KNOW EXACTLY WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT, COME ON, MAN.
HOW YOU FEELIN'?
-FEEL GOOD.
-YOU FEEL GOOD?
YEAH.
-YOU SURE?
-I'M READY.
READY, BABY.
READY TO SEE YOU
RIP THAT SHIT.
ALL RIGHT?
IT'S TIME TO LET THESE
MOTHERFUCKERS KNOW, B.
IT'S ALL YOU, BABY!
YOU HEARD?
IT'S ALL YOU, BABY.
[ RAPPING: ]
YOUR LYRICS ARE SHIT
LIKE WHEN I COP A SQUAT.
WHO TOLD YOU YOU COULD FUCK
WITH THE MIGHTY PAPA DOC?
FOR STEPPING ON THE STAGE,
I SHOULD ROCK YOUR KNOT.
DON'T GET TOO CLOSE,
OR YOU MIGHT GET SHOT.
YOU NEED TO CALL YOUR MOMMA
AND TELL HER COME GET YOU.
AND IF SHE KNEW HIM,
SHE COULD BRING YOUR
MIDGET POPS WITH HER.
-[ ALL CHEERING ]
-I PUT A HOLD IN YOUR HEAD,
LIKE A 12-GUAGE.
LOOKING LIKE KRIS KROSS,
JIGGITY JUMP YOUR ASS
OFF STAGE.
'CAUSE I'M A GROWN MAN, SON,
I SLAUGHTER YOU.
MAKE YOUR MOM WISH THAT
HER FAT ASS ABORTED YOU.
[ FUTURE: ]
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA!
LOT OF HOSTILITY AT THE END
OF THE 45 SECONDS.
LET ME GET THAT MIC
FROM YOU, BROTHER.
OPEN UP A LITTLE BIT.
LET EVERYBODY SEE FUTURE,
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
ALL RIGHT, HOW YOU ALL FEELIN'
ABOUT SHORTY MIKE RIGHT HERE?
-[ ALL JEERING ]
-KINDA MEDIOCRE LOVE?
JUST ALL RIGHT
FOR SHORTY MIKE?
ALL RIGHT, WHAT YOU ALL THINK
ABOUT PAPA DOC?
-[ ALL CHEERING ]
-THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!
PAPA DOC IS THE SHIT!
ALL RIGHT, PAPA,
YOU GO TO THE NEXT ROUND.
FREE WORLD, BABY.
ALL RIGHT, NEXT UP,
NEXT UP.
IT'S MY MAN BUNNY RABBIT,
AND LI'L TIC.
COME ON, NOW,
BRING YOUR ASSES TO THE STAGE.
WE AIN'T GOT ALL DAY.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
ENOUGH OF THE FANFARE,
CALL IT.
-HEADS OR TAILS.
-HEADS.
TAILS. CHOOSE.
-YOU FIRST.
-SURE.
ALL RIGHT,
LI'L TIC, SET IT OFF.
DJ, 45 SECONDS.
SPIN THAT SHIT!
[ RAPPING: ]
I'MMA MURDER THIS MAN.
[ CHEERING ]
HE THE TYPE TO
LOSE A FIGHT WITH A DYKE
THEY DON'T LAUGH 'CAUSE
YOU WACK,
THEY LAUGH 'CAUSE YOU
WHITE WITH A MIC.
YOU'RE A LAUGHINGSTOCK,
AND WHEN WOULD
THIS LAUGHING STOP?
WHEN YOU WENT EVERLAST,
BITCH ASS GET POPPED.
YOU A WIGGA THAT
INVENTED RHYME FOR MONEY.
WATCH LI'L TIC'S SPIT
KICK THE ENERGIZER BUNNY.
RIP THE RABBIT'S HEAD OFF,
TOSS IT TO HUGH HEFNER.
'CAUSE I DON'T PLAY, BOY,
NOW TELL ME WHO FRESHER?
-[ ALL: ]
YOU ARE!
-L.T. THAT'S RIGHT,
COCK THE HEAT AND SHOOT YA.
I'LL PUNISH RABBIT
OR OBSOLETE FUTURE.
MY PAWS LOVE TO
MAUL THE M.C.
'CAUSE HE FAKER
THAN A PSYCHIC
WITH CALLER I.D.
SO THAT BULLSHIT,
SAVE IT FOR STORIES,
'CAUSE THIS IS HIP-HOP.
YOU DON'T BELONG,
YOU'RE A TOURIST.
-[ ALL SHOUTING ]
-SO PUT YOUR HOCKEY STICKS
AND BASEBALL BAT AWAY,
'CAUSE THIS HERE'S DETROIT,
16 MILE ROAD IS THAT-AWAY.
-THAT-AWAY.
-WHOA, WHOA!
OKAY, OKAY, 45 SECONDS,
VERY NICE.
YOU DID A GOOD JOB,
LI'L BITCH.
I MEAN, LI'L TIC.
MY BAD.
ALL RIGHT, NEXT UP IS
MY BOY, BUNNY RABBIT.
[ JEERING ]
HEY, NOW,
TALK ALL THAT SHIT
IF YOU WANT TO,
BUT I'M TELLING YOU,
I VOUCH FOR THIS
MOTHERFUCKER RIGHT HERE.
HE'S A GENIUS, MAN,
A MOTHERFUCKING GENIUS.
YOUR BEST SHIT.
45 SECONDS, RABBIT.
D.J., KICK IT!
HEY, YO.
DAMN, B!
[ JEERING ]
THE FUCK Y'ALL FIND
THIS NIGGA AT?
GET HIM, RABBIT!
COME ON, RABBIT!
COME ON, RABBIT.
COME ON!
[ ALL CHANTING: ]
CHOKE, CHOKE, CHOKE...!
CHOKE, CHOKE,
CHOKE, CHOKE...!
[ CONTINUES ]
CHOKE, CHOKE, CHOKE...!
[ SCREAMS,
JEERS, LAUGHTER ]
FUCK YOU, MOTHERFUCKERS!
FUCK YOU!
YO, JIMMY!
HOLD UP.
MAN.
DON'T EVEN WORRY ABOUT IT,
DOG, ALL RIGHT?
I'M GONNA CALL YOU
TOMORROW.
GOTTA GO BACK INSIDE,
ALL RIGHT?
ALL RIGHT.
-STAY STRONG,
MY BROTHER.
-YEAH.
YOU'LL RIP 'EM NEXT TIME.
-YEP.
-YEAH, NEXT TIME.
PEACE OUT, RABBIT!
[ CAR ALARM GOES OFF ]
[ WOMAN MOANS ]
WHAT THE FUCK?
-OH, SHIT, RABBIT.
-OH, GOD.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
YOU OKAY, BABY?
DON'T YOU THINK
YOU SHOULD'A CALLED,
OR KNOCKED FIRST
OR SOMETHING?
I MEAN...
PHONE'S DISCONNECTED.
I KNOW THAT, RABBIT.
GOTTA GET DOWN TO
THE PHONE PLACE TOMORROW,
AND...
I BEEN BUSY, YOU KNOW?
[ DOOR OPENS ]
RABBIT, WHAT THE FUCK
YOU DOING HERE?
HOW ABOUT KNOCKING?
ME AND JANEANE JUST BROKE UP.
OH, I'M SORRY, HONEY.
I THOUGHT YOU HAD
A REALLY GOOD THING
GOING WITH HER.
-SHE SLEEPING WITH
SOMEBODY ELSE?
-OH.
-YO, I GOTTA WORK IN
THE MORNING, SO...
-YOU...
YOU AND FUTURE STILL AT
THAT LITTLE CAESAR'S
OVER IN WARREN?
NO.
I'M DOWN IN NEW DETROIT
STAMPING NOW.
-OH.
-[ SCOFFS ]
-WELL, THAT'S GOOD.
WHAT?
-[ LAUGHS ]
YOU GOT FIRED FROM
A PIZZA PLACE.
AT LEAST I GOT
A FUCKING JOB.
OKAY, STOP IT.
ONLY EX-CONS AND
WELFARE MOMS WORK
AT THAT PLANT, MAN.
BABY.
ARE YOU STAYING HERE
FOR A WHILE OR WHAT?
JUST FOR A COUPLE WEEKS.
GOTTA SAVE UP ENOUGH
TO GET MY OWN PLACE.
JUST LIKE BOB ZUROWSKY.
ALL YOUR FRIENDS STILL
LIVING AT HOME, AREN'T THEY,
RABBIT?
OKAY.
-WHAT A BUNCH OF
FUCKING LOSERS.
-FUCK YOU!
-JIMMY!
-WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM,
YOU LITTLE INGRATE?
FUCK YOU,
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM,
BITCH?!
DON'T KICK MY FUCKING
CLOTHES, MAN.
-GET YOUR OWN HOUSE.
-DON'T FUCKING JUDGE ME, MAN!
-WHY DON'T YOU GROW UP?
-IT AIN'T ME, MOM,
IT'S HIM!
FOUGHT MOTHERFUCKERS
BIGGER THAN YOU, MAN.
-WHAT'S UP?!
-STOP!
-FUCKING PUNK!
-STOP IT!
[ DOG BARKS ]
HEY, LILY.
HEY, BABY.
WHAT ARE YOU STILL
DOING UP?
YOU WOKE ME UP, YOU KNOW.
YEAH, I'M SORRY, BABY.
...THE FUCK I DO?
LET'S GO BACK TO BED.
WILL YOU SING TO ME?
YEAH, OF COURSE I WILL.
COME ON.
♪ I KNOW THIS GIRL ♪
♪ HER NAME IS LILY ♪
♪ AND IT'S PAST HER BED-
T-I-M-E ♪
♪ SHE GOES TO SLEEP ♪
♪ AND SHE CAN JUST DREAM ♪
♪ AND NOT HAVE TO BE ♪
♪ IN A STINKY TRAILER
WITH ME ♪
♪ SO WHEN I FEEL BLUE ♪
♪ DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO ♪
♪ I LOOK AT YOU ♪
♪ AND I JUST SAY ♪
-[ RASPBERRY ]
-[ GIGGLING ]
GOOD NIGHT, BABY,
GO TO SLEEP.
RABBIT, YOU GONNA
LIVE HERE,
YOU HAVE TO
GET ALONG WITH GREG.
HE STARTED IT.
YOU CAN'T FUCK THIS UP
FOR ME, BABY.
YOU JUST CAN'T.
WHATEVER.
[ TELEVISION PLAYING ]
NO MILK.
YO, COULD I GET A RIDE
TO WORK IN THE MORNING?
-WHERE'S YOUR CAR?
-[ WATER RUNNING ]
I LEFT IT WITH JANEANE.
YOU'RE GONNA LET ME
BORROW YOUR CAR?
NOPE.
IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY PRESENT.
MY BIRTHDAY'S NOT
FOR TWO WEEKS.
I KNOW.
BUT YOU'RE STILL
MY LITTLE RABBIT.
RIGHT?
I NEED TO GET TO SLEEP.
[ ENGINE DOESN'T TURN ]
BUNNY, WHAT UP, DOE?
HEARD ABOUT YOU
AND JANEANE, DOG.
THOUGHT YOU MIGHT
BE BACK HOME.
THIS AIN'T MY HOME.
WHY YOU UP SO EARLY?
UP?
MAN, I AIN'T BEEN
TO BED, DOG.
LOOK, MAN, I CAME TO TALK
TO YOU ABOUT SOME SHIT...
I DON'T GOT TIME
TO TALK, MAN.
I'M LATE FOR WORK.
CAN YOU GIVE ME A RIDE?
MY MA'S GOT THE CAR.
YO, DON'T TELL NOBODY
I'M LIVING BACK HERE,
MAN.
A'RIGHT, DOG.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOU LAST NIGHT?
I HEARD YOU GOT CALLED OUT.
PEOPLE SAYING SOME
FUCKED UP SHIT.
-YEAH?
-YEAH.
MAN, WHY YOU STILL GOING
TO THE SHELTER, DOG?
AIN'T NOBODY DOWN THERE
BUT A BUNCH OF CLOWNS WHO
AIN'T GOT DEALS
AND NEVER GONNA GET DEALS.
YOU NEED TO STAY AT HOME.
YOU KNOW WINK'S GOT YOU.
WHATEVER, MAN.
LOOK, I'M TELLING YOU, MAN,
I'M ON MY WAY.
AND I'M TAKING YOU WITH ME.
YOU'RE THE FRANCHISE, BABY.
-THE FRANCHISE?
-YEAH.
I'M TAKING THE FUCKING BUS
TO WORK, MAN.
LOOK, I WAS JUST ON THE HORN
WITH MY MAN ROY DARUCHER.
-THAT PROMO GUY?
-YEAH.
NOW, ROY'S ALL
HOOKED UP AT 98.
SO WHAT'S HE NEED YOU FOR?
WHAT'S HE NEED ME FOR?
TALENT, DOG!
AND YOU KNOW THAT'S
MY SPECIALTY.
SEE, I'M THE ONE
THAT TIPPED HIM ON BIG O
AND GOT THAT FAT MAN
OUT OF FLIPPING BURGERS
AT MICKEY D'S.
ROY LIKED WHAT HE HEARD,
SLIPPED SOME CASH OUT
FOR THAT NIGGA'S DEMO,
AND BOOM, JUST LIKE THAT,
BIG O GOT HIMSELF A DEAL
AND IT'S ALL BECAUSE OF ME.
-ROY PAID FOR BIG O'S DEMO?
-EVERY PENNY.
LOOK IF THEY THOUGHT BIG O
WAS HOT, WAIT 'TIL THEY
GET A TASTE OF B-RABBIT!
LOOK, I'M BUILDING
AN EMPIRE, JIMMY.
AND I'M TAKING YOU
WITH ME, MAN.
YOU'RE NEXT.
-A'RIGHT.
I'LL TALK TO YOU LATER.
-CALL ME LATER, DOG.
-OKAY.
[ ♪ MUSIC STARTS ♪ ]
♪ IT'S ALRIGHT, IT'S OKAY ♪
♪ I'M GONNA MAKE IT ANYWAY ♪
♪ GONNA MAKE IT,
CAN'T GIVE UP NOW ♪
♪ I'MA MAKE IT
SOMEHOW ♪
♪ I EEL LIKE
I STILL MIGHT ♪
♪ STILL WRITE ♪
♪ REAL LIFE ♪
♪ WANNA JUMP ON STAGE,
KILL MICS ♪
♪ STILL WHITE ♪
♪ HATE LIFE ♪
♪ BRAKE LIGHTS,
STAGE FRIGHT ♪
♪ DRAWING A BLANK LIKE... ♪
UP!
DOWN!
UP... DOWN!
WHAT UP, MANNY?
-YOU WAS LATE TODAY,
SMITH.
-YEAH, I KNOW.
IT WASN'T MY FAULT.
MY CAR WOULDN'T START.
AIN'T NEVER YOUR FAULT.
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT.
I GUESS THIS PROBABLY
ISN'T THE BEST TIME,
BUT I REALLY NEED
SOME EXTRA SHIFTS, MAN.
ARE YOU SHITTING ME?
YOU JUST STARTED
WORKING HERE.
HEY, DUTTON!
IS HE SHITTING ME?
WHAT?
YOU'RE LATE AGAIN, SMITH,
AND YOU'RE FIRED.
I'M LOOKING FOR
JOHN LATOURNO.
I CAN TAKE YOU.
I DON'T THINK SO,
SMITH.
-RIGHT THIS WAY.
-THANK YOU.
[ ♪ RADIO PLAYING
"SWEET HOME ALABAMA" ♪ ]
[ GREG SINGS ALONG
DRUNKENLY ]
WHO THE FUCK IS THAT?
GREG BUEHL.
THAT DUDE IS PRACTICALLY
LIVING WITH MY FUCKING MOM,
DOG.
THEY MET AT BINGO.
WAIT, GREG BUEHL?
HE WENT TO
OUR SCHOOL, RIGHT?
YO, I GOT TO SAVE UP
SOME MONEY AND
GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE.
SHIT IS RIDICULOUS.
[ SINGING ALONG: ]
♪ WELL, JIMMY MOVED IN
WITH HIS MOTHER! ♪
♪ 'CAUSE HE AIN'T GOT
NO PLACE TO GO ♪
♪ AND NOW I'M RIGHT BACK
IN THE GUTTER ♪
♪ WITH A GARBAGE BAG
THAT'S FULL OF CLOTHES ♪
BUST IT, BUST IT.
'CAUSE...
♪ YOU LIVE AT HOME
IN A TRAILER ♪
♪ WHAT THE HELL
YOU GONNA DO? ♪
YEE-HA!
♪ 'CAUSE I LIVE AT HOME
IN A TRAILER ♪
♪ MOM, I'M COMIN' HOME
TO YOU ♪
-UH, BREAK IT DOWN, UH.
-WHOO!
[ RAPPING: ]
WELL, MY NAME IS JIMMY,
HIS NAME'S GREG BUEHL,
-ME AND HIM AND YOU,
WENT TO THE SAME SCHOOL!
-...SCHOOL!
THIS AIN'T COOL.
I'M IN A RAGE.
HE'S TAPPIN' MY MOM,
WE'RE ALMOST THE SAME AGE.
ON THE MICROPHONE,
I DROP BOMBS,
LOOK AT THIS CAR.
THANKS A LOT, MOM!
HERE, HAPPY BIRTHDAY,
RABBIT.
HERE'S A BRAND NEW CAR,
YOU CAN HAVE IT.
A 1928 DELTA,
THIS SHIT WON'T EVEN
GET ME TO THE SHELTER.
AND I CAN'T EVEN SAY
I'M FROM MOTOWN,
'CAUSE I'M BACK IN
THE 8-1-0 NOW.
♪ CAUSE I LIVE AT HOME
IN A TRAILER ♪
[ ♪ SONG CONTINUES INSIDE ♪ ]
♪ MOM, I'M COMIN' HOME
TO YOU ♪
SO, JIMMY, YOU KNOW
THERE'S ANOTHER BATTLE
NEXT WEEK, RIGHT?
AND I DON'T WANT TO
HEAR SHIT ABOUT IT.
I'M SIGNING YOU UP, MAN.
-MAN, DON'T.
-COME ON, MAN, YOU GOTTA BATTLE.
FUTURE,
I'M NOT YOU, DOG.
-LOOK AT ME.
-LISTEN.
ONCE THEY HEAR YOU,
IT WON'T MATTER
WHAT COLOR YOU ARE.
LOOK, YOU WIN SOME
OF THESE BATTLES,
THREE ONE THIRD
WILL HAVE ALL THE STREET
CREDIT WE NEED, MAN,
WITH YOU AND ME
AS THE ANCHORS.
YO, DID YOU HEAR THAT
WINK HAS BEEN TALKING
TO THAT PROMO GUY?
YEAH,
I HEARD THAT BULLSHIT.
-LOOK, MAN,
WINK IS SCANDALOUS, DOG.
-COULD BE A SHOT.
NOW, YOU KNOW I'M TRYING TO
GET STRAIGHT WITH THE LORD.
YOU KNOW, MY MAN UP THERE,
SO I DON'T REALLY LIKE
BRINGING TOO MUCH NEGATIVE
TOWARD MY POSITIVE WORLD,
BUT WINK IS JUST
TALKING SHIT.
THERE'LL BE NO ACTION,
JUST TALK...
[ DOOR OPENS ]
♪ SWEET HOME ALABAMA ♪
YOU GOT A CIGARETTE?
[ LAUGHING ]
THE DUDE MENTALLY ILL?
CAR ACCIDENT, MAN.
HE'S SUPPOSED TO GET SOME
BIG SETTLEMENT CHECK SOON
OR SOME SHIT.
MAN, WILL YOU HURRY UP
WITH THAT THING?
YO, TRY IT NOW.
[ SIGHS ]
[ IGNITION CRANKS ]
GIVE IT SOME GAS.
[ SPUTTERS, TURNS OVER ]
[ REVS GAS ]
[ LAUGHS ]
THAT'S WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT, BABY.
OH, COME ON, MAN.
WE GOING OUT TONIGHT.
UH, UH!
-TONIGHT?
-YEAH, TONIGHT...
LOOK, FUCK LAST NIGHT.
OKAY? FORGET IT.
WHAT ABOUT GETTIN' STRAIGHT
WITH THE LORD?
COME ON, MAN.
IT'S SATURDAY.
I CAN GET STRAIGHT
WITH THE LORD ON SUNDAY.
-[ LAUGHS ]
-[ ♪ MUSIC STARTS ♪ ]
OH, HEY, B.,
I GOT THESE NEW BEATS, MAN.
YEAH, YOU KNOW HOW MUCH
I LIKE YOUR MOMS AND
EVERYTHING, B...
AH SHIT, HOW MUCH
I REALLY, REALLY LIKE
YOUR MOMMA, RABBIT.
BUT SHE WASN'T DOIN' YOU
NO FAVOR WHEN SHE LEFT YOU
THIS CAR, MAN.
FUCK YOU.
GET OUT AND WALK.
-SHIT.
-HEY, MAN, AT LEAST
THE RADIO WORKS.
WHAT UP WITH THIS WHOLE
EAST COAST, WEST COAST
THING, DOG?
-WORD.
-WE GOTTA PUT
THE MO ON THE MAP.
YEAH, TALKIN' ABOUT
THE 3-1-3.
MAN, NOBODY EVEN KNOWS
DETROIT IS THE 3-1-3.
3-1-3!
THE FUCK YOU TALKIN'
ABOUT, FATHEAD?
YOU FROM 8-1-0.
RIGHT, WE JUST GOT TO
MAKE OUR OWN SOUND.
FUCK EVERYBODY ELSE.
YEAH,
THEN WE GET US A DEAL,
GO PLATINUM,
GET CHEESED OUT...
AND GET ALL THE BITCHES!
ALL THE HOS.
[ LAUGHS ]
DO YOU THINK
I HAVE A BIG HEAD?
♪ LUNCHES, BRUNCHES ♪
♪ GET SEDUCED
BY THE FOOL... ♪
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
OH!
OH, SHIT!
WHY'D YOU BRING
THAT DAMN THING, MAN?
OH, MAN!
YEAH!
SHOOT IT, SHOOT IT.
-[ PELLET POPS ]
-OH!
-HA, HA!
-PINKEYE, BITCH!
LET ME SEE, LET ME SEE.
LET ME SEE.
HOLD ON, LET ME SHOW YOU
MOTHERFUCKERS HOW
TO SHOOT SOMETHING.
HEY, YO, DO IT, DO IT.
-[ HONKING HORN ]
-FUTURE, HEY MAN.
OKAY, OKAY,
HERE WE GO, HERE WE GO.
HERE IT IS,
HERE IT IS, HERE IT IS.
[ PELLET POPS ]
-OH!
[ LAUGHING ]
TAKE THE WHEEL, MAN.
COME ON, JIMMY,
COME ON, MAN.
-TAKE THE GAS TOO.
-I GOT THE GAS.
COME ON, RABBIT.
HEY, RABBIT,
GET BACK IN THE CAR, MAN.
THE BUS, HIT THE BUS!
HIT THE BUS...
[ ALL: ]
OH, NO!
NO, DON'T DO THAT...!
OH, SHIT, MAN!
GET BACK IN HERE.
[ ALL YELLING ]
THE FUCK
IS WRONG WITH YOU?!
[ ALL LAUGHING ]
-MAN, THAT'S SOME BULLSHIT.
-[ SIREN WAILING ]
FUCK!
TOSS THE WEED.
TOSS THE WEED, CHEDDAR!
TOSS THE MOTHERFUCKING WEED!
THROW IT OUT!
[ RADIO TURNS OFF ]
WHAT THE FUCK YOU DOING?
THE FUCKING CAR
JUST DIED, DOG.
[ FUTURE AND SOL: ]
OH, COME ON, MAN.
TOLD YOU ALL STUPID ASS NIGGAS
NOT TO BE DOING THIS SHIT.
[ SIREN CONTINUES ]
THAT RIFLE AIN'T MINE,
RIGHT, JIMMY?
I DON'T WANNA GO TO JAIL.
SHUT THE FUCK UP, CHEDDAR.
I'M FUCKING SERIOUS.
I GET CLAUSTROPHOBIC.
[ ALL LAUGH ]
YOU WERE SCARED,
YOU WERE SCARED!
[ ALL: ]
NO, YOU WERE SCARED!
YOU WAS SCARED!
MAN, YOU KNOW HOW MANY
ABANDONED BUILDINGS
WE HAVE IN DETROIT?
I MEAN, HOW YOU SUPPOSED
TO TAKE PRIDE IN YOUR
NEIGHBORHOOD
WITH SHIT LIKE THAT
NEXT DOOR?
AND DOES THE CITY
TEAR 'EM DOWN?
NO, THEY TOO BUSY BUILDING
CASINOS AND TAKING MONEY
FROM THE PEOPLE.
SHUT YOUR PREACHIN' ASS UP.
NOBODY CARE ABOUT THAT SHIT.
DID YOU CARE WHEN
THAT CRACKHEAD RAPED
THAT LITTLE GIRL?
YOU THINK THAT WOULD'VE
HAPPENED IF HE DIDN'T HAVE
AN ABANDONED HOUSE
TO TAKE HER TO?
-THEY CAUGHT HIM, DIDN'T THEY?
-YEAH, THEY CAUGHT HIM.
DUMB MOTHERFUCKER
WENT BACK TO THE HOUSE.
HOW STUPID COULD
A NIGGA BE?
YO, RABBIT,
WHAT'S HAPPENING
UNDER THAT HOOD, MAN?
YO, IT'S JUST
A SHORT, MAN.
CHILL OUT.
I AIN'T GETTING BACK
IN THAT PIECE OF SHIT.
IT'S A DEATHTRAP.
I THINK JIMMY'S MOM'S
TRYING TO KILL HIM.
-YEAH, BUT SHE'S SO
GODDAMN FINE.
-HELL, YEAH.
HEY, DON'T BE SAYING
SHIT ABOUT MY MOM OR
MY FUCKING CAR, MAN.
I HEAR EVERYTHING.
-SO HE A NINJA NOW.
-[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
B-RABBIT!
-OKAY, OKAY, OKAY!
-'BOUT TIME.
[ RAPPING: ]
MONEY UNDER THE HOOD,
MONEY ON THE MIC!
FREAKY GIRLS, HERE WE COME!
YO, LET ME GET
A LIGHT, D.J.
♪ MY NIGGA BREEZE
THROUGH THE TOWN ♪
♪ MY BEST RHYME,
A CRIME NIGGA ♪
-♪ I GOTTA GET MINE ♪
-I GOTTA GET MINE!
[ ALL SINGING ALONG: ]
♪ YOU GOTTA GET YOURS,
I GOTTA GET MINE ♪
I GOTTA GET MINE... ♪
[ ♪ "INSANE IN THE BRAIN"
PLAYS INSIDE ♪ ]
♪ INSANE IN THE MEMBRANE,
INSANE IN THE BRAIN ♪
[ FUTURE: ]
OH, SHIT.
WHAT THE FUCK'S
GOING ON OUT HERE?
[ RAPPING, INDISTINCT ]
WHAT'S UP, MAN?
YOU ALL RIGHT?
-YEAH, I'M COOL.
-YEAH, YOU SURE?
-YEAH.
-YOU THE MAN, RABBIT.
-[ RAPPING ]
...I'M DIRTY DANCING,
FROM FLINT BACK TO LANSING,
I USE MY VOICE
TO SPIT THE FIRE WE BRING,
TRY AND REFRAIN...
COME ON, BABY,
IT'S REDEMPTION TIME.
COME ON, MAN.
COME ON, MAN!
...NIGGA IN THE SHELTER
WHO'LL BE EYEING YOUR CHAIN.
3-1-3 AREA,
BOMB AND BURY YA
WITH VENGEANCE.
MY RHYME SENTENCES WILL
PUT AN END TO YOUR EXISTENCE,
WITH A RIGOROUSNESS.
NIGGAS, I'M SERIOUS,
DELIRIOUS, 'CAUSE
YOU'RE CURIOUS,
PAUSE, THE FURY 'CAUSE
THROW MY JAWS FROM
DEVOURING Y'ALL RAW.
WHOO!
OKAY, OKAY,
THREE ONE THIRD,
WE IN THE HOUSE, BABY.
YOU KNOW,
MAC MITTEN'S FINEST.
YO, D.J. IZ, LET ME GET
THAT BEAT, BABY.
GIMME THAT BEAT.
-HIP-HOP SHOP, BABY.
-COME ON, COME ON.
MM, MM.
[ BEATBOXING ]
YOU FORCED TO LISTEN
TO THE INDIVIDUAL,
THE METAPHYSICAL,
THE MAC MITTEN RHYME RITUAL,
HETEROSEXUAL, SYLLABLES,
THEY SOUND COMPLEX TO YOU,
LINES PERPLEXIN' YOU,
WITH WORDS THAT COULD
PUT A HEX ON YOU,
SNAP THAT NECK ON YOU.
MURDER YOU, BOIL YOU,
WE KEEP A WHITE BOY OR TWO.
LET MY MAN GRAB THE MIC,
YOU SEE HOW BUNNY RABBIT DO.
COME ON, MAN.
COME ON, MAN, COME ON.
KICK THAT SHIT, BABY.
COME ON.
COME ON, NOW.
UH, UH!
WATCH THAT NIGGA
KICK THIS SHIT.
YOU GOT IT,
YOU GOT IT.
ALRIGHT, SPEED IT UP
A LITTLE, IZ.
COME ON, BABY.
ALRIGHT, LOOK,
YO, YO...
[ RAPPING ]
YOUR STYLE IS GENERIC,
MINE'S AUTHENTIC MADE,
I ROLL LIKE A RENEGADE,
YOU NEED CLINIC AID.
MY TECHNIQUE'S BIZARRE
AND ILL, I SCAR AND KILL.
YOU WERE A STAR
UNTIL I SERVED YOU
LIKE A BAR AND GRILL.
AS I PROCEED TO COOK
AND GRILL YA, THAT'S ALL
IT TOOK TO KILL YA.
YOU BETTER RECOGNIZE ME
LIKE I LOOK FAMILIAR.
YOU WANNA BATTLE?
YOU BEAT AROUND THE BUSH
LIKE YOU'RE SCARED
TO LICK PUSSY
SO YOU EAT AROUND THE TUSH.
I NEED A CLOWN TO PUSH,
SOMEONE THAT I CAN BULLY.
WAIT A MINUTE, I DON'T THINK
YOU UNDERSTAND FULLY.
SEE,
ME WITHOUT A STYLE'S LIKE
MUSTARD WITHOUT THE HEINZ.
I'LL LEAD THE NEW SCHOOL.
YOU'RE A BUSTA WITHOUT
THE RHYMES.
I CRUSH THE SHIT
OUT YOUR LINES.
NOW I'M THE DA SHEKI,
SMOKING THAT LEAKY-LEAKY.
TEN FREAKY GIRLS INSIDE
THE CHIN TIKI!
GIRL, WHEN YOU SEE ME,
YOU BETTER BELIEVE ME,
THIS AIN'T A GAME,
AND PIMPIN' AIN'T EASY.
ANYTHING GOES WHEN
IT COMES TO HOS.
I'M THE KINGPIN
WHEN IT COMES TO FLOWS.
YOU BETTER ASK SOMEONE
IF YOU DON'T KNOW,
WHEN YOU SEE ME, GIRL,
SAY, "WHAT UP, DOE?"
[ ALL: ]
TEN FREAKY GIRLS.
TEN, TEN, TEN FREAKY GIRLS.
[ SINGING DIES DOWN ]
SHIT, LOOK, MAN.
[ CROWD SILENCES ]
LISTEN UP, NOW!
LEADERS OF THE FREE WORLD
IN THE MOTHERFUCKING HOUSE.
ME AND PAPA DOC'LL BATTLE
ANY MOTHERFUCKERS HERE.
-YEAH.
-YEAH, BRO.
TOLD YOU THEM NIGGAS
WAS TALKING SHIT.
[ QUIETLY: ]
MAN, FUCK THE FREE WORLD.
YEAH!
FUCK THE FREE WORLD!
FUCK THE FREE WORLD?
YO, YOU THREE ONE THIRD
BITCHES IS WACK!
HEY, YO, FAT ASS.
YEAH, I'M TALKING ABOUT
YOUR MAN, SOL.
I BET IF I KICKED YOU
IN YOUR CHEST,
PORK CHOPS'D FALL
OUT YOUR ASSHOLE.
YOU CATS IS PUSSY-SOFT
LIKE WET FLOWERS,
LEADERS OF THE FREE WORLD
HERE TO SMASH ON YOU COWARDS.
-LOOK AT FUTURE--
-DON'T EVEN START, NIGGA.
YO, WHAT YOU GONNA DO
ABOUT IT, FAGGOT?
WHO YOU CALLIN' A FAGGOT?
-DON'T PLAY YOURSELF, BITCH.
-AIN'T NOTHING, DOG.
HOLD ON, YO, ELVIS.
YOU DON'T WANNA
STEP TO THIS.
YOU NEED TO TAKE THAT
WHITE-ASS RAP SHIT OF YOURS
BACK ACROSS EIGHT MILE.
CAUGHT YOUR CHOKE ACT
AT THE SHELTER LAST NIGHT.
-[ CHOKING ]
-[ MEN LAUGH ]
OH, SHIT!
[ ALL SCREAMING ]
NO, NO, NO,
NIGGA, WHAT YOU DOING?
PUT THE SHIT DOWN.
COME ON, Y'ALL.
COOL OUT.
COOL OUT, MAN.
-HOLD ON, Y'ALL.
-BE COOL, MAN.
CHILL, MAN, COME ON.
IT'S COOL, IT'S COOL.
YO, YO, IZ, IT'S COOL.
-COME ON, Y'ALL.
-IZ, IT'S COOL.
YO, COME ON, MAN,
LET'S GO.
-COOL.
-COME ON.
I SHOULD FUCK YOU UP,
CHEDDAR.
COWARD ASS.
WHAT THE FUCK
WERE YOU THINKING, MAN?
-"FUCK THE FREE WORLD"?
-FUTURE SAID IT.
[ ♪ HIP-HOP MUSIC STARTS ♪ ]
HIP HOP SHOP FEATURING
THE FREE WORLD.
YOU KNOW THE DRILL.
ALL RIGHT, DOG.
HEY, HIP-HOP SHOP,
WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
♪ TO ALL MY NEIGHBORS,
YOU GOT MUCH FLAVOR ♪
♪ THIS IS HOW WE DO IT ♪
YEAH, UH, THIS COULD BE
YOUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY
TO BLOW THE BOTH
OF US, BABY.
'CAUSE AFTER WE GO PLATINUM,
YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO
GET TO ME AND FUTURE.
AND, UH, WHY DO THEY
CALL YOU FUTURE?
SEE, I HAD A LOT
OF NAMES, YOU KNOW.
THE MOST CONCEITED KIND.
I WAS, UH, MAXIMUM,
BRIMSTONE, GODFATHER D,
DEVASTATIN' D.
BIG D, YOU KNOW.
THAT HAS A DOUBLE
MEANING, TOO.
BUT SEE, NONE OF THOSE
REALLY WORKED FOR ME
'TIL I STARTED HOSTING THOSE
BATTLES DOWN AT THE SHELTER.
ONE DAY, SOMEBODY SAID,
"YOU KNOW WHAT, MAN?
YOU ARE THE FUTURE
OF HIP-HOP IN DETROIT."
SO, YOU SEE, BABY, SOMETIMES
YOU GOTTA FIND YOUR NAME,
AND OTHER TIMES
YOUR NAME FINDS YOU.
SO, YOU WANNA GO
SMOKE SOME GANJA?
SEE, THAT'S OUR PROBLEM.
IF WE DON'T RESPECT
OUR SISTAS, WHO WILL?
YO, WE DOIN' IT
TO OURSELVES.
HE'S MY BROTHER.
HE DON'T LIKE PUSSY.
[ LAUGHING ]
YO, RABBIT, TEACH ME
HOW TO WRITE RHYMES.
THAT'S THE WAY TO GET
THE LADIES, RIGHT?
LET ME OUT.
YO, YO, YO, HOLD UP.
LOOK, I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY, MAN, LOOK,
I DIDN'T KNOW PAPA AND MC
-WERE ON THAT BULLSHIT
UNTIL TONIGHT.
-YEAH, RIGHT.
LOOK, MAN,
YOU KNOW I WOULDN'T BE
MESSIN' WITH THEM
EXCEPT I'M PROMOTING
A SHOW WITH THEM AT
THE HIP-HOP SHOP NEXT WEEK.
THOSE FREE WORLD BITCHES?
YOU SEE WHAT THE FUCK
I'M TALKING ABOUT, JIMMY?
LOOK, MAN, THEY'RE JUST
ONE OF THE ACTS.
JIMMY, IF YOU WANT, MAN,
I'LL STEP OUT.
-YOU'RE MY FRIEND,
I DON'T WANT YOU MAD AT ME.
-DO WHAT YOU WANT TO DO.
YEAH, DO WHAT YOU
WANT TO DO, DOG.
[ LAUGHING ]
[ INDISTINCT ]
RESPECT YOURSELF, SISTA.
HEY, DON'T YOU EVER
SHUT UP, MAN?
OH.
MAN, WHY YOU GOTTA PUSH ME?
DAMN, FUTURE.
MAN, WHAT THE HELL
IS HIS PROBLEM?
-FUTURE?
-YEAH.
JUST THINKS SOMETIMES
YOU TALK SOME BULLSHIT.
MAN, WHO'S HE TO SAY
WHAT'S REAL?
JUST 'CAUSE HE HOSTS
THOSE BATTLES.
AIN'T THAT JANEANE
OVER THERE?
OH, YEAH.
[ CHEDDAR: ]
I THOUGHT SHE WAS
PREGNANT?
I'M OUT, DOG.
-YEAH.
-I'LL BE OUTSIDE.
-ALL RIGHT.
-A'RIGHT, MAN.
BY MYSELF.
[ ♪ RAP SONG, INDISTINCT ♪ ]
[ GIRL GIGGLES ]
[ INDISTINCT ]
HERE'S YOUR CHANCE, GIRL.
GO AHEAD.
YOU'RE JIMMY SMITH, JR.?
YEAH.
MY NAME'S ALEX.
SO, DID YOU FIND THE GUY
YOU WAS LOOKING FOR?
WHAT GUY?
AT THE PLANT.
YEAH, THAT WAS MY BROTHER.
I WAS BORROWING HIS CAR.
SO...
I HEAR YOU'RE A REAL
DOPE RAPPER.
-A DOPE RAPPER?
-YEAH.
WHO TOLD YOU I WAS
A DOPE RAPPER?
YOU KNOW,
IT'S AROUND.
IF YOU'RE SO DOPE,
WHAT YOU DOING WORKING
OVER AT DEAD END STAMPING?
YOUR BROTHER WORKS THERE.
YEAH, BUT MY BROTHER'S
A LOSER.
-WHAT ABOUT YOU?
-I'M WORKING OVER
AT INTERMEZZO'S.
SAVING UP ENOUGH CASH
TO GET OUT OF THIS PLACE.
BUSING DISHES IS MUCH BETTER
THAN PRESSING BUMPERS.
I'M NOT GONNA BE THERE LONG.
-WHERE YOU GOING?
-NEW YORK.
I WON THIS MODELING CONTEST
A COUPLE MONTHS AGO.
ONE OF THE JUDGES SAID
HE COULD HELP ME OUT.
JUST GOTTA GET
A BOOK TOGETHER.
WHAT IF HE AIN'T FOR REAL?
ALL I'M LOOKING FOR
IS A TICKET.
[ WINK: ]
YO, RABBIT.
YOU AND YOUR NEW FRIEND
WANT TO BOUNCE TO
AN AFTER-HOURS SPOT?
RABBIT?
LET ME GO
ASK MY FRIENDS.
DAMN.
-GUYS...
-SO HOW'D IT GO?
[ INDISTINCT ]
SO, WHERE ARE WE GOING?
HM?
OH, MY HOUSE.
WHAT ABOUT YOUR MOM?
WORKING NIGHTS NOW.
THAT'S THE AFTER-HOURS
SPOT?
HECK, YEAH.
CAN SOME OF US
RIDE WITH YOU?
[ ALL LAUGHING ]
SO, WHY DO THEY
CALL YOU RABBIT?
'CAUSE HE'S FAST AND
HE LIKES TO FUCK A LOT.
YEAH, WELL...
NIGGA, GET YOUR HAND
OFF MY BALLS.
MAN, WHY YOU GOTTA BE
ALL IGNORANT?
-WHOA, WHOA, JIMMY.
-[ HORN HONKING ]
[ ALL: ]
WHOA!
WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH YOU?
MY BAD, YOU GUYS.
-SO YOU SIGNED OR
ANYTHING YET?
-NO, NOT YET,
BUT I'M WORKING ON A LITTLE
SOMETHIN' SOMETHIN' FOR HIM.
-YEAH?
-HE GONNA RECORD
A DEMO AT MCA.
-REALLY?
-YEAH, BUT...
PLEASE, LISTEN,
IF YOU REALLY WANNA
SEE JIMMY FLOW,
MAKE SURE YOU COME DOWN
TO THE NEXT BATTLE
AT THE SHELTER.
YEAH!
HE'S THE BEST!
SHUT UP, CHEDDAR.
-WHEN'S THE BATTLE?
-FRIDAY NIGHT.
YEAH?
CAN I COME?
THERE'S NO WAY I'M FUCKING
BATTLING NEXT FRIDAY, DOG.
YOU KNOW DAMN WELL
YOU GONNA BATTLE
IF SHE'S THERE.
'CAUSE YOU GONNA
WANNA BE THE MAN,
KNOW WHAT I'M SAYIN'?
ALL RIGHT, MAN, JUST DON'T
FUCKING PUSH.
YO, GUESS WE ALL NEED
TO BE PUSHED SOMETIMES.
HA, MY BAD, I'M SORRY.
[ LAUGHING ]
GONNA LET HIM
PUSH YOU LIKE THAT?
YOU CAN'T NEVER CATCH ME!
AND YOU NEVER WILL!
[ MOCKING VOICE: ]
OUT OF MY WAY,
PRETTY GIRL!
-[ LAUGHING ]
-YO, YOU TOOK IT...!
[ ♪ RADIO PLAYS ♪ ]
YEAH, YEAH.
YOU LIKE?
SHE'S GETTING OUT
OF THE D., THOUGH, MAN.
NEGRO, PLEASE,
THAT'S WHAT THEY ALL SAY.
NAH.
I THINK SHE'S DIFFERENT.
HEY, MAN, THAT CHICK
REALLY BLEW BOTH YOU GUYS?
I'M A SINNER, JAMES.
COME TO CHURCH WITH ME
IN THE MORNING.
HEY.
UH, I SAW YOU TALKING
TO PAPA DOC IN THE CHIN TIKI.
HOW YOU KNOW HIM?
YOU MEAN CLARENCE?
HE WENT TO CRANBROOK
WITH CHRISTINE'S BROTHER.
-DO YOU WANNA DANCE?
-NOT RIGHT NOW.
FUCKING WINK, MAN.
TRYING TO KEEP US
IN DIVISION
WITH ALL THAT FAKE-ASS
BIG WILLY WANNABE TALK.
NOTHING WRONG WITH
A FREE DEMO.
"FREE" COMES WITH A DICK
RIGHT UP YOUR ASS, JIMMY.
THREE ONE THIRD IS REAL.
THE SHIT THAT WINK IS
TALKING ABOUT IS WACK.
D.J.: ANOTHER EXAMPLE
OF THE PEOPLE'S NEEDS
BEING DENIED BY THE CITY.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHY THE MEDIA'S NOT
ALL OVER THIS.
JUST A MATTER OF TIME
BEFORE IT ALL HAPPENS AGAIN.
THE CITY DON'T GIVE A FUCK.
[ BOTH: ]
WHAT THE HELL IS
HE TALKING ABOUT?
THAT ABANDONED HOUSE WHERE
THAT LITTLE GIRL GOT RAPED.
IT'S WHAT YOU CALL
AN "ATTRACTIVE NUISANCE."
YOU BETTER BELIEVE THAT PLACE
WOULDN'T STILL BE STANDING
IF IT WAS ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF EIGHT MILE.
IT COULD'VE BEEN LILY,
RABBIT.
BURN THIS SHIT DOWN
TO THE GROUND!
-BURN IT DOWN!
-FUCKING STINKS UP HERE!
-OKAY, I GOT...
-[ INDISTINCT YELLING ]
BURN THIS FUCKING THING
DOWN.
-WATCH OUT, CHEDDAR.
-[ LAUGHING ]
THIS IS THE DEFINITION
OF AN ATTRACTIVE NUISANCE.
HEY, ROCK.
COME ON, ROCK,
LET'S BURN THIS THING.
RIGHT BEHIND YOU, MAN.
THAT'S WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT, MAN.
COULD'VE SWORN
I HAD MATCHES.
YOU GOT SOME?
-D.J., YOU GOT MY LIGHTER?
-NO, I GAVE IT BACK TO YOU.
-I GOT ONE.
-WINK, YOU GOT THE LIGHTER?
WAIT, WHAT'RE YOU DOING?
[ ALL:]
NO!
OH, SHIT!
GET OUT!
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?
LET'S GO!
RUN!
[ CRACKLING ]
WHAT THE FUCK, YOU GUYS?
-[ ALL YELLING ]
-I'MMA FUCK YOU UP, CHEDDAR!
[ LAUGHING ]
[ GUYS LAUGHING BELOW ]
HEY, RABBIT, WORD!
RAH!
-BURN, BABY.
-HEY, I BURNED THE HOUSE DOWN!
[ LAUGHS ]
YEAH,
IT'S GOING DOWN, NOW.
[ LAUGHING ]
[ ALL: ]
♪ THE ROOF, THE ROOF,
THE ROOF IS ON FIRE! ♪
♪ WE DON'T NEED NO WATER,
LET THE MOTHERFUCKER BURN ♪
♪ BURN, MOTHERFUCKER! ♪
-♪ BURN! ♪
-IT'S ALMOST BEAUTIFUL.
YOU KNOW,
WHEN I WAS LITTLE,
I USED TO WANT TO LIVE
IN A HOUSE LIKE THIS.
YOU KNOW,
HOW IT USED TO BE.
[ SIREN APPROACHES ]
YOU LIVE WITH YOUR FAMILY?
I GOT OUTTA THERE
AS QUICK AS I COULD.
LEFT HOME WHEN I WAS 17.
HOW ABOUT YOU?
SORTA' THE SAME.
[ FUTURE: ]
LET'S GET THE FUCK
OUTTA HERE!
COME ON, MAN,
LET'S GO.
WHEN YOU RECORD
YOUR DEMO,
I'D REALLY
LOVE TO BE THERE.
-ALEX!
-HEY, GIRL, GET DOWN.
IS IT HOT ENOUGH FOR YOU?
YOU'RE GONNA BE GREAT.
[ SIREN WAILS ]
I GOT A FEELIN'
ABOUT YA.
[ GIRL: ]
LET'S GO, ALEX.
SEE YA.
CHEDDAR, BRING YOUR ASS ON.
COME ON!
[ SIRENS GET LOUDER ]
[ TV ON, CARTOONS PLAY ]
[ WOODY WOODPECKER: ]
DOGGONE PESKY MOSQUITO.
NOW, LET'S SEE.
MM, OH, YEAH, YEAH.
-AND THE MIRROR SAYS...
-[ SLAMS ]
-SHIT!
-WHAT'S THE MATTER?
WE'RE BEING EVICTED.
GOD DAMN IT!
-COME ON, MOM,
NOT IN FRONT OF LILY.
-SHIT.
I CAN'T LET GREG
FIND OUT ABOUT THIS.
FUCK GREG.
OKAY.
I'M THREE MONTHS LATE.
WE GOT 30 DAYS TO
COME UP WITH THE MONEY.
-WHAT DO YOU MEAN, "WE"?
-IF YOU GONNA LIVE HERE,
YOU GOTTA START
CHIPPIN' IN, RABBIT.
WHEN'S GREG GETTIN'
HIS SETTLEMENT CHECK?
GET THE MONEY FROM HIM.
NO, NO, I CAN'T.
HE'S GONNA ASK ME
AND LILY TO MOVE AWAY
WITH HIM.
SOMEPLACE NICE, REAL SOON,
I JUST CAN'T... I CAN'T...
MOM, YOU GOTTA STOP LIVING
YOUR LIFE LIKE THIS!
IF YOU REALLY CARED
ABOUT LILY, YOU'D GET A JOB
AND QUIT FUCKING AROUND.
I GOTTA GO.
I'LL BE LATE FOR WORK.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
WITH YOUR LIFE THAT'S
SO GREAT, RABBIT?
WINK'S WORKING ON A DEAL
WHERE I CAN GET
FREE STUDIO TIME.
RECORD MY DEMO.
YEAH.
-[ ON TV: BOMB EXPLODES ]
-RIGHT.
BYE, BABY.
[ RAPPING: ]
ALEX LATOURNO,
HOTTER THAN AN INFERNO,
-UP!
-HOTTER THAN A CRACK HOUSE,
-DOWN!
-BURN INTERNAL...
UP...
DOWN!
MAN, I DUNNO WHY MANNY'S
GOTTA GIVE ME SO MUCH
SHIT ALL THE TIME, MAN.
MAYBE IT'S 'CAUSE YOU
KEEP GIVING HIM REASON TO.
STICK TO THE PLAN, MAN.
JUST DO YOUR WORK,
AND SHUT THE FUCK UP.
UP!
DOWN!
WHY HAVEN'T YOU CALLED?
JANEANE, I CAN'T TALK
ABOUT THIS HERE.
YOU'RE GONNA GET ME FIRED.
I'M YOUR GIRLFRIEND.
NO,
YOU'RE NOT MY GIRLFRIEND.
WE BROKE UP.
I'LL CALL YOU LATER.
YOU JUST TOOK OFF
WITHOUT SAYING A WORD.
AT LEAST I LEFT YOU
THE CAR.
WAS IT 'CAUSE I SAID
I WAS PREGNANT?
COME ON, JANEANE, I KNOW WHY
YOU SAID THAT BULLSHIT.
--YOU GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE.
-I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT ELSE TO DO.
TELL MY WHY YOU LEFT.
TELL ME AND I'LL
LEAVE YOU ALONE.
IT'S NOT YOU,
OKAY, JANEANE?
IT'S ME.
IT'S MY SHIT.
I HAD TO GO.
WHY?
WHAT ARE YOU
RUNNING FROM?
NOTHING.
WOULD YOU JUST GO?
YOU KNOW THAT EVERYBODY'S
CALLING YOU A LOSER FROM
THE OTHER NIGHT?
-WHO SAID THAT?
-EVERYBODY'S TALKIN' ABOUT IT.
HOW YOU FROZE UP
AND GOT BOOED OFF STAGE.
FUCK YOU, JANEANE.
GO HOME.
[ GIGGLES ]
WHAT WAS ALL THAT ABOUT,
SMITH?
I'M SORRY, MANNY,
IT WASN'T MY...
IT WON'T HAPPEN AGAIN.
GOOD.
DON'T BE BRINGING THAT SHIT
AROUND HERE.
NOW, GET BACK TO WORK.
[ FUTURE: ]
RAKIM WAS THE FIRST RAPPER
WHO KICKED COMPLEX LYRICS.
I GIVE YOU RAKIM, NO QUESTION.
BUT AS FAR AS BEAT AND LYRICS
GO, BIGGIE IS THE BOMB.
I CAN'T BELIEVE Y'ALL
TALK ABOUT COMPLEX SHIT
AND LEAVE OUT MY MAN TUPAC.
-FUCK TUPAC!
-FUCK TUPAC?
NIGGA, YOU CRAZY?
PAC'S THE ONLY LYRICAL
MOTHERFUCKER OUT THERE.
HE'S RIGHT, MAN.
HIS SHIT DO GOT
EMOTION.
-WHAT ABOUT THE BEASTIES?
-MAN, FUCK THE BEASTIES.
DON'T BRING THE BEASTIES'
SHIT INTO THE MIX, DOG.
THEY BUST SOME
SERIOUS SHIT, MAN.
NO, NO, THEM WHITE BOYS.
THEY MORE LIKE BUSTERS
ON SOME SERIOUS SHIT.
HEY, I AIN'T GONNA BE
BUMPIN' NO BEASTIES,
BUT IT'S ALWAYS EASIER
FOR A WHITE MAN
TO SUCCEED
IN A BLACK MAN'S
MEDIUM, RIGHT B?
[ ♪ RAP CONTINUES
ON RADIO ♪ ]
-WORD UP, THAT'S TRUE.
-[ BRAKES SQUEAL ]
[ ALL: ]
WHOA!
HEY, HEY, HEY...
YO, RABBIT,
WHAT YOU DOING, MAN?
RABBIT.
[ FUTURE: ]
OH, SHIT.
DON'T YOU WORRY, RABBIT.
I GOT YOUR BACK.
HEY, HEY,
WHAT'S UP, B?
WANNA FUCK WITH US,
BITCH?
SHUT YOUR BITCH ASS
UP.
[ ALL CLAMORING ]
GET OFF MY MAN.
YO, GET THAT MOTHERFUCKER.
YO, GET OFF ME, MAN.
WHAT THE FUCK YOU GONNA DO,
MOTHERFUCKER?
YOU WANT SOME, BITCH?
COME ON.
[ INDISTINCT YELLING ]
COME ON, MAN.
COME ON, MAN,
LET HIM GO.
[ GUN FIRES ]
YEAH!
YOU WANNA FUCK WITH US, HUH?
FUCK WITH US, YEAH?
CHEDDAR, WHAT THE FUCK
ARE YOU DOING, MAN?
WHERE DID YOU GET
THAT SHIT?
IT'S MY MOM'S.
MAN, PUT THAT SHIT
AWAY, DOG!
BEFORE YOU FUCKING
KILL SOMEBODY.
PAPA DOC HAD ONE.
PUT IT AWAY!
MAN, PUT THAT DOWN,
MAN.
COME ON, CHEDDAR.
FUCK, OKAY, ALL RIGHT.
-[ GUN FIRES ]
-FUCK, MAN!
-OH, SHIT.
-THE FUCK...?
OH, SHIT!
-LET'S GET OUT OF HERE.
-[ ALL YELLING ]
-OH, SHIT.
-YOU OKAY, MAN?
YO, YO, WE GOTTA
GET HIM TO A HOSPITAL.
THE KEYS.
WHERE THE KEYS,
WHERE THE KEYS?!
GET IN THE FUCKING CAR!
-AHH!
-I GOTTA PUT PRESSURE
ON IT, DOG.
DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT.
-GOTTA GET THE FUCKING...
-AM I GONNA DIE?
MAN, SHUT THE FUCK UP,
MAN!
FUTURE, TAKE GRATIOT
TO McDOUGAL.
MOTHERFUCKER,
I LIVE HERE, TOO.
I KNOW HOW TO GET THERE.
JUST FUCKING
GET US THERE, THEN!
RABBIT'S GONNA TEACH ME
HOW TO WRITE RHYMES.
WHAT THE FUCK WERE
YOU DOING WITH
A GUN ANYWAY, MAN?!
WHAT THE FUCK WERE YOU
DOING WITH THOSE
MOTHERFUCKERS?
-YOU KNOW I HAD A SHOW
TO DO TOMORROW NIGHT.
-[ YELLING ]
CALM THE FUCK DOWN, Y'ALL!
WHAT'RE Y'ALL TRIPPIN' ABOUT?
-M.C. BOB.
-WHAT?
M.C. BOB.
MAN, WHAT'RE
YOU TALKING ABOUT?
IS THAT A GOOD NAME?
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH CHEDDAR BOB?
I LIKE M.C. BOB.
RIGHT?
YEAH.
M.C. BOB.
YOU KNOW, I'M THE ONE
THAT GOT THAT FAT MAN
OUT OF FLIPPIN' BURGERS
AT MICKEY D'S.
-REALLY?
-YEAH.
NOW ROY'S GONNA
INTERVIEW HIM DOWN AT JLB.
AND I'M GONNA BE THERE.
OH, IT'S FINNA BE ON!
SO THE DOCTOR SAID THAT
HE HIT AN ARTERY,
BUT HE'S GONNA BE OKAY.
OH, YEAH,
THAT'S GOOD, MAN.
WHERE YOU BEEN?
PRAYIN'.
IS HE ALL RIGHT?
-YEAH, HE'S COOL.
-COME ON, LET'S GO.
WINK WAS JUST
TELLING US HOW HE GOT IN
WITH ROY DARUCHER.
[ D.J.: ]
THAT SHIT'S HOT,
MAN.
HE'S DOIN' AN INTERVIEW
DOWN AT JLB.
WHY YOU BEEN LISTENING
TO THIS CLOWN?
-WHAT?
-YOU HEARD ME. CLOWN.
[ ENGINE DOESN'T START ]
YOU KNOW, MAN, I DON'T
EVEN KNOW WHY YOU GOTTA
BE ALL LIKE THAT.
THIS IS A GOOD DEAL
FOR HIM, MAN.
THIS SHIT IS FOR REAL.
OH.
IT'S FOR REAL?
LIKE THAT TIME YOU SAID
YOUR COUSIN WORKED
FOR DR. DRE?
OR LIKE THAT TIME YOU WERE
REAL TIGHT WITH THAT INTERN
IN RUSSELL SIMMON'S OFFICE?
[ ALL LAUGHING ]
-OR HOW ABOUT THE TIME...
-MAN, SHUT THE FUCK UP!
WHY YOU ALWAYS
GIVING ME SHIT, MAN?
I MEAN, IS IT BECAUSE
I'M MAKING MOVES?
OR IS IT BECAUSE YOUR ASS
IS STUCK HOSTING BATTLES
FOR LIKE TWO YEARS?
YOU'RE A FUCKING LOSER.
-WHO THE FUCK YOU
CALLIN' A LOSER?
-CHILL, MAN!
CHILL!
WHAT THE FUCK, MAN?!
HOW CAN YOU GUYS FIGHT
ABOUT THIS SHIT NOW?
DON'T THINK I'M STUPID.
I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE TRYING
TO DO TO OUR GROUP, BITCH.
MAN, SUCK A DICK!
SUCK A DICK!
-[ ALL YELLING ]
-STOP! CHILL!
CHEDDAR'S LAYING UP
IN THE FUCKING HOSPITAL
RIGHT NOW
AND YOU GUYS WANT
TO FIGHT ABOUT THIS?
SO FUCKING STUPID.
FORGET THIS CAR, B.
I'LL GIVE YOU A RIDE
TO WORK IN THE MORNING.
[ TV: ]
I'M AFRAID YOU'VE MADE
A MISTAKE.
I DON'T HAVE ANY LITTLE
COLORED GIRL IN MY CLASS.
WHY, THERE'S SARA JANE.
THERE'S MY BABY.
YOU MEAN SARA JANE JOHNSON?
YES, MA'AM.
I'M MRS. JOHNSON.
SARA JANE,
BABY, I BROUGHT YOU...
SARA JANE!
DID YOU WIN
AT BINGO TONIGHT?
-SARA JANE, WAIT!
-NO.
YOU RECORD
YOUR DEMO YET?
BABY...
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
CHEDDAR BOB
HAD AN ACCIDENT.
HE'S FINE.
I'M FINE.
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS.
MOM, DON'T START.
PLEASE.
IT'S BEEN A LONG
FUCKING NIGHT.
TELL ME ABOUT IT.
ME AND GREG
ARE HAVING PROBLEMS.
HE FOUND OUT ABOUT
THE EVICTION?
NO.
-HIS SETTLEMENT CHECK
AIN'T COMING.
-NO, IT'S COMING.
IT'S COMING, IT'S, UH...
IT'S OUR SEX LIFE.
MOM, I DON'T WANT
TO HEAR THIS SHIT.
I MEAN, IT'S GOOD.
IT'S REAL GOOD.
BUT HE JUST
DOESN'T LIKE...
MOM, I DON'T WANT
TO HEAR THIS.
-GREG WON'T GO DOWN ON ME.
-MOM!
HEY, SOL.
YOU EVEN WONDER
AT WHAT POINT YOU GOTTA
JUST SAY "FUCK IT," MAN?
LIKE WHEN YOU GOTTA STOP
LIVING UP HERE,
AND START LIVING DOWN HERE?
IT'S 7:30
IN THE MORNING, DOG.
[ CHUCKLING ]
-YO, THANK YOUR MOM
FOR THE CAR, DOG.
-A'RIGHT.
[ RAP RHYTHM: ]
MAN, I'M GETTING
SO SICK AND TIRED
OF FUCKING
WITH THIS STEEL,
THEY ONLY GIVE US 30 MINUTES
TO EAT LUNCH AND CHILL.
MY BODY ACHING
JUST TO GET A BUCK,
I'M SICK OF EATIN' THIS SHIT
OFF THIS FUCKING LUNCH TRUCK.
NASTY ASS FOOD,
I'M IN A NASTY ASS MOOD,
I SHOULDA' CALLED IN SICK.
SHIT, I HAD SOMETHIN' TO DO.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT
I'M HEARIN' ALL THIS
RAVIN' AND RANTIN'
FROM VANESSA UP HERE
AT THE NEW DETROIT STAMPIN'.
YOU NEED TO GET YOUR FOOD AND
TAKE YOUR ASS BACK TO WORK.
YOU'RE DREAMIN' IF YOU THINK
THEM CORNY ASS RAPS'LL WORK.
-[ CROWD CHEERS ]
-LOOK AT YA'LL,
STANDIN' OUT HERE
FREEZING LIKE DUMB FUCKS.
RAPPIN' AND WAITIN' FOR FOOD
OFF THIS RAGGEDY LUNCH TRUCK.
WHO WANT WHAT?
WHO POPPED UP
TO GET ROLLED UP?
I SPIT VENOM
IN EVERY DIRECTION,
SOAK SOME UP.
LOOK AT THIS FAT-ASS
NIGGA.
-SLOPPY SUCKER!
-FAT-ASS!
YOU A UGLY MOTHERFUCKER.
YOUR POP SHOULD'VE
WORE A RUBBER.
STOP RHYMING,
KEEP YOUR DAY JOB,
VANESSA.
NEXT TIME LEAVE THAT BULLSHIT
HOME ON THE DRESSER.
SPEAKIN' OF DRESSES,
TAKE A LOOK AT PAUL
THE FRUITCAKE!
WHEN YOU TRAVEL,
YOU PROBABLY PACK PANTIES
IN YOUR SUITCASE.
MADE OUT OF LACE
FROM VICTORIA'S SECRET.
IF TEN MEN CAME IN A CUP,
YOU PROBABLY DRINK IT.
[ ALL: ]
OH!
[ LAUGHING ]
OKAY, FOLKS,
ENOUGH OF THE GAY JOKES.
'SPECIALLY FROM A GAY
BROKE BITCH, YOURSELF.
HEY, LOC?
WHO'S THIS...?
HIS STYLE'S DOO-DOO.
YOU WORKED HERE LONGER
THAN ME,
-AND I GET PAID
MORE THAN YOU DO.
-SERIOUS, MAN.
DOG, TAKE A SEAT.
WHAT'S THIS GUY
STANDING IN LINE FOR?
HE AIN'T GOT MONEY
TO EAT!
CHECK THIS OUT, YO, YO.
THIS GUY CASHED HIS
WHOLE CHECK,
AND BOUGHT ONE HO-HO.
FUCKIN' HOMO.
LITTLE MAGGOT,
YOU CAN'T HACK IT.
PAUL'S GAY,
YOU'RE A FAGGOT.
'LEAST HE ADMITS IT,
DON'T EVEN RISK IT.
THIS GUY'S STARVING TO DEATH.
SOMEONE GET HIM A BISCUIT.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
THEY TOLD YOU, MIKE.
YOU MUST'VE
HAD THEM CORN ROLLS
ROLLED TOO TIGHT.
THIS JOB, YOU WANNA QUIT,
BUT YOU CAN'T.
YOU WORKED AT THIS PLANT
SO LONG, YOU'RE A PLANT.
LOOK AT YOUR GODDAMN BOOTS.
FOR CHRIST'S SAKES,
THEY'RE STARTING
TO GROW ROOTS!
ON THIS MIC, YOU GET FADED.
YOU LOOK LIKE A PISSED-OFF
RAPPER WHO NEVER MADE IT.
OOH!
WHY YOU FUCKING WITH
THE GAY GUY, G?
WHEN REALLY
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO'S GOT THE HIV.
MAN,
I'M DONE WITH THIS CLOWN.
HE'S SOFT,
FUCK IT,
I'LL LET HOME GIRL
FINISH YOU OFF.
[ ALL CHEERING ]
[ VANESSA: ]
GUY LIKE YOU--
NEVER GET A REAL WOMAN,
YOU JACKASS, GO JACK OFF.
-THAT'S THE ONLY WAY
YOU COMIN'...
-HEY.
LOOKIN' FOR YOUR BROTHER?
I WAS.
YO, YOU WANNA
DO SOMETHING TONIGHT?
YOU ASKIN' ME OUT ON
A DATE, JIMMY SMITH, JR?
YEAH, AS A MATTER
OF FACT, I AM.
WHY DON'T YOU TAKE ME
SOMEWHERE NOW?
COME ON.
WHERE WE GOING?
[ MAN YELLING BENEATH,
INDISTINCT ]
[ ZIPPER UNZIPPING ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ BREATHING SPEEDS UP ]
[ BREATHING SLOWS DOWN ]
[ GIGGLES ]
YOU WERE SO GOOD OUTSIDE.
IN LINE
AT THE LUNCH TRUCK?
YEAH, AND AT THE CHIN TIKI
THE OTHER NIGHT.
AND THAT DEMO THING
WITH WINK.
YOU'RE GONNA GET
A DEAL SOON.
I FEEL IT.
YOU WAS IN THE PARKING LOT
THE OTHER NIGHT?
MY FRIENDS THINK
YOU'RE CRAZY.
YO, YOUR FRIENDS
DON'T EVEN KNOW ME.
-[ KNOCKING ]
-MAN, AIN'T NOBODY HERE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THEY SENT HIM HOME ALREADY.
[ D.J.: ]
IF YOU AIN'T GOT INSURANCE,
THE MEDICAL ESTABLISHMENT
WILL FUCK YOU UP.
MAN, WHERE THE FUCK ELSE
WOULD HE BE?
JUST THANK GOD HE'S ALIVE.
NO, THANK GOD
HE DIDN'T SHOOT HIS
FUCKING DICK OFF.
THAT'S WHY BROTHERS NEED
TO SIGN THEMSELVES A DEAL.
I'M TELLING YOU,
RECORD LABELS SUPPLY NIGGAS
WITH THE KIND
OF BENEFITS THEY NEED.
DOG, WE SIGN US A DEAL,
YOU CAN TAKE THE
MOTHERFUCKING BENEFITS.
WE TALKING BENTLEYS AND
BENJAMINS, NOT BLUE CROSS
AND BLUE SHIELD.
TELL Y'ALL NIGGAS THE TRUTH,
I DON'T GIVE A FUCK
ABOUT NONE OF THAT.
I JUST WANNA HEAR
THREE AND A THIRD ON THE BOX,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
ONE OF THEM STRONG SONGS
ON JLB...
WHAT WE NEED TO DO IS SAVE
THAT SHIT UP, PUT IT INTO SOME
SAVINGS BONDS EVERY WEEK.
-STACK IT, BUILD OUR
OWN STUDIO...
-SAVINGS BONDS?
LET ME ASK YOU
A QUESTION, DOG.
HOW THE FUCK
ARE WE BROTHERS?
WE NEED FINE BITCHES
AND FAT RIDES.
NO GODDAMN SAVINGS BONDS.
MAN, THAT'S ALL WE EVER DO,
MAN, IS TALK SHIT.
"WE NEED TO GET FINE BITCHES
AND FAT RIDES."
"NO, WHAT WE NEED TO DO
IS PUT OUR MONEY IN
SAVINGS BONDS."
"NO, WHAT WE NEED TO DO
IS GET OUR SONGS ON JLB."
MAN, SHUT THE FUCK UP.
ALL OF US NEVER DO SHIT
ABOUT NOTHING.
WE'RE STILL BROKE AS FUCK
AND LIVE HOME WITH OUR MOMS.
YO, I'M OUTTA HERE.
I'LL CATCH YOU GUYS LATER.
-MAN, GET YOUR MAD,
RAMBLIN' ASS IN THE CAR.
-YEAH.
I HOPE YOU GET
A NEW RIDE SOON,
RABBIT.
YEAH, MAYBE FOR
THAT BIRTHDAY.
TRIPPIN' ASS.
-[ LAUGHING ]
-I'M GONNA CALL YOUR MOMMA.
SEE WHAT I CAN WORK OUT.
I GOT SHOTGUN, SHABBA.
[ GUYS LAUGH ]
NIGGA!
GET IN THE BACK,
FARRAKHAN.
[ ENGINE STARTS ]
[ MUFFLER RUMBLES LOUDLY ]
MAN, WHY ARE YOU
PRETENDING TO BE ASLEEP?
YO, I SEEN YOU OUT
THE WINDOW, BOB.
I DIDN'T FEEL LIKE TALKIN'.
WHY NOT?
I JUST DIDN'T WANT 'EM
MAKING FUN OF ME.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
I'M SAYING, RABBIT?
YEAH.
YOU DO?
M.C. BOB.
[ LILY LAUGHS ]
IT'S LIKE YOU SEE
IN THE MAGAZINES AND STUFF?
-HI.
-WHAT UP, DOE?
HEY, RABBIT.
WHERE YOU BEEN?
YOU CALL HIM RABBIT,
TOO?
I GAVE HIM THAT NICKNAME.
-STOP IT!
-NO, I DID.
WHEN HE WAS LITTLE,
HE HAD BUCK TEETH,
AND BIG EARS.
HE WAS SO CUTE.
"WIKE A WITTLE WABBIT."
-RIGHT, BABY?
-[ LILY GIGGLES ]
[ LAUGHING ]
BUNNY, I GOT
SOME GOOD NEWS...
YOU BROUGHT HER
TO MY FUCKING MOM'S?!
-WHAT THE FUCK?!
-MAN, SHIT, LOOK.
I INVITED HER TO MY SHOW.
SHE SAID WE HAD TO COME
AND GET YOU.
WHAT WAS I
SUPPOSED TO DO?
LOOK...
I BEEN HELPING AL
FIND A PHOTOGRAPHER
FOR HER BOOK.
AND ALL SHE KEEPS
TELLING ME IS HOW MUCH
SHE REALLY LIKES YOU, MAN.
DAMN!
NOW, CHECK THIS, DOG.
I HEARD FROM MY MAN
ROY TODAY.
NOW, HE'S GONNA BE DOWN
AT JLB TOMORROW NIGHT.
-YOU KNOW, DOIN' AN INTERVIEW
WITH BIG O AND SHIT.
-SO WHAT?
SO WHAT?!
I DROPPED IT!
I TOLD HIM ABOUT
YOUR SKILLS.
MAN, I SAID
"JIMMY RABBIT'S
YOUR MAN."
HE SAID "BRING HIM DOWN,
AND LET ME SEE WHAT
HE CAN DO."
LOOK, MAN,
IF EVERYTHING GOES WELL,
YOU COULD BE FLOWING DOWN
AT 54 SOUND NEXT WEEK.
NOW, CAN YOU GET YOUR
SHIT TOGETHER IN TIME?
[ FOOTSTEPS APPROACH ]
YEAH.
I CAN DO IT.
MY BAD, MAN.
NO PROBLEM, DOG.
BIG TIME, JIMMY.
WHY'D YOU TAKE OFF?
I DON'T REALLY LIVE HERE.
SO?
WHY'D YOU TAKE OFF?
I JUST...
JUST...
YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE
EMBARRASSED ABOUT
WHERE YOU LIVE, JIMMY.
I DON'T LIVE HERE.
WHAT'S UP WITH YOU
AND WINK?
HE'S HELPING ME
GET MY BOOK TOGETHER.
USING HIS CONNECTIONS.
SAME WAY HE'S
HELPING YOU OUT.
SO...
YOU PROBABLY HAVE TO
STAY HOME TONIGHT, HUH?
YEAH.
I SHOULD...
WORK ON SOME SONGS
FOR MY DEMO.
OKAY.
[ ♪ SONG INTRO STARTS ♪ ]
♪ PALMS ARE SWEATY ♪
♪ SWEATER ALREADY ♪
♪ MOM'S SPAGHETTI,
HE'S NERVOUS ♪
♪ KEEPS ON FORGETTING
WHAT HE WROTE DOWN ♪
♪ HE OPENS HIS MOUTH ♪
♪ WORDS WON'T COME OUT ♪
♪ CLOCK'S RUN OUT ♪
♪ DA-NA, NA-DA ♪
♪ YOU ONLY GET ONE SHOT ♪
♪ OPPORTUNITY, LIFETIME ♪
♪ LOSE YOURSELF
(LOSE YOURSELF,
LOSE YOURSELF) ♪
♪ DA-NA, NA-DA ♪
♪ YOU ONLY GET ONE SHOT ♪
♪ OPPORTUNITY ♪
♪ LIFETIME ♪
♪ DA-DA ♪
[ SLURPS ]
YOU KNOW YOUR MOM'S
GETTIN' EVICTED?
SAYS RIGHT HERE.
"TENANT MUST VACATE
THE PREMISES
"DUE TO NON-PAYMENT
OF RENT."
YOU KNOW ABOUT THIS?
MORNING.
-HEY, THERE.
-SWEETIE, YOU WANT
SOME CEREAL?
I WAS JUST TALKING
TO YOUR PRECIOUS SON
ABOUT THIS EVICTION
SITUATION.
YOU PLANNIN' ON
TELLING ME ABOUT THIS,
HUH?
OH, HONEY, THAT WAS
JUST A MISTAKE.
-YOU'RE A FUCKING LIAR.
-HEY, MAN!
NO, NO, STAY OUT OF THIS,
RABBIT.
IT'S OKAY, DON'T WORRY.
I'M TAKING CARE OF IT.
-DON'T.
-[ SCREAMS ]
FUCK, MAN!
FUCK IS YOUR PROBLEM?
YOU DON'T TOUCH MY MOTHER,
MAN!
NO, STAY--
STAY OUT OF IT.
I'M OUTTA HERE.
I CAN'T GO OUT WITH
SOMEONE LIKE YOU.
ARE YOU GONNA LET HIM
JUST TALK TO YOU LIKE THIS?
...WITH TWO HOMELESS KIDS.
-AH!
-JIMMY!
JIMMY, NO!
NO!
-JIMMY!
-MOTHERFUCKER!
JIMMY!
JIMMY, PLEASE!
-AH!
-STOP IT!
STOP IT!
STOP!
FUCK YOU!
[ LILY WAILING ]
RABBIT, STOP!
-FUCK YOU!
-STOP IT!
-AH!
-OH, SHIT.
-[ GROANING ]
[ LILY MOANING ]
OH, MY GOD.
LILY.
-COME HERE, BABY.
-[ CAR STARTS ]
COME HERE.
IT'S OKAY.
COME HERE, BABY.
COME HERE.
IT'S OKAY.
IT'S OVER.
IT'S OVER, BABY.
YO, WHAT UP, DOE?
ALEX JUST CALLED.
I GOT ONE OF MY FRIENDS
TO TAKE PICTURES OF HER
WHEN SHE GETS OFF WORK.
SO SHE NEEDS
A RIDE, YOU KNOW,
THAT'S WHY SHE CALLED.
-YO, CAN YOU DRIVE?
-I DON'T CARE, I'LL DRIVE.
THE OTHERS
BE HERE IN A MINUTE.
SOL'S MOM'S GONNA
DROP 'EM OFF ON THE WAY
TO WORK.
EH, I HEARD YOU'RE
BATTLING TOMORROW NIGHT.
I'M DOING WHAT?
SOMEONE TOLD ME FUTURE
SIGNED YOU UP AT
THE SHELTER AND SHIT.
-WHO TOLD YOU THAT?
-[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
[ OPENS DOOR ]
YO, WHAT UP, DOE?
WHAT UP, DOE?!
WIPE YOUR FEET, DOG.
AIN'T WIPIN' MY FEET
FOR YOUR JUNKY ASS...
WHAT'S UP, NIGGA.
WHERE YOUR MOM AT?
-WORKING, DOG.
-DEAR MOMMA!
MAN, TELL YOUR MOMMA
TO HANG ALL THIS SHIT
UP SOMEWHERE...
YO, DID YOU SIGN ME UP
TO BATTLE TOMORROW NIGHT
AT THE FUCKING SHELTER?
-WHAT?
-YOU HEARD ME.
DON'T PLAY FUCKING
STUPID WITH ME, MAN.
DID YOU SIGN ME UP?
JIMMY,
YOU KNOW PAPA DOC
WON LAST WEEK,
SO HE'LL BE
DEFENDING HIS TITLE.
YOU GOTTA TRY TO TAKE
THAT SHIT FROM HIM, MAN.
-YOU WIN BATTLES,
YOU GET RESPECT--
-I DON'T GIVE A FUCK, MAN!
I'M SICK OF YOU ALWAYS
THINKING YOU KNOW WHAT'S
BEST FOR ME, DOG.
YOU AIN'T MY FUCKING FATHER.
I'M A GROWN MAN!
-LOOK, JIMMY, I KNOW--
-LOOK, JIMMY, NOTHIN'!
FUCK YOU!
I TOLD YOU NOT TO
FUCKING SIGN ME UP!
SO WHAT THE FUCK?
YOU WANNA FIGHT ME NOW?
-HUH?
-YO, YOU AIN'T THE FUTURE
OF SHIT, BITCH.
YOU'RE JUST
DAVID FUCKING PORTER.
HEY, COME ON, FELLAS.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
DO WHAT THE FUCK
YOU WANNA DO, MAN.
'CAUSE I DON'T
GIVE A SHIT ANYMORE.
I REALLY FUCKIN' DON'T.
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
SO YOU COMIN' DOWN
TO JLB TONIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW, MAN.
I LOOK LIKE CRAP.
IF WE KNEW IT WAS GONNA BE
TODAY, I WOULD'VE NEVER EVER
GONE OUT DRINKING LIKE THAT
AFTER THE SHOW LAST NIGHT.
-I MEAN, IF YOU WANT,
I CAN ALWAYS RESCHEDULE.
-NO, NO, I'M GONNA DO IT.
-YEAH, YOU GONNA DO IT?
-OH, YEAH. YEAH.
HEY, SO WHEN ARE WE GONNA
SEE THIS PICTORIAL OF YOURS
-IN A MAGAZINE, ALEX?
-PICTORIAL'S THE PLAYBOY, FOOL.
-IN FASHION IT'S
CALLED "EDITORIAL."
-GODDAMN, FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
WOULD YOU SHUT
THE FUCK UP?
IT'S FOR A BOOK, MAN,
SO SHE CAN GET A JOB.
[ SOL: ]
HEY, THAT'S ONE BOOK
I'D DEFINITELY READ.
[ D.J.: ]
IT'D BE THE ONLY ONE.
[ ♪ STEREO PLAYS,
INDISTINCT ♪ ]
♪ I DON'T SWEAT IT,
I LOOK AT BOOKS ♪
♪ BLOW IN THE BREEZE,
IN OTHER WORDS... ♪
DON'T FORGET THIS.
THANKS, GUYS.
-SEE YA.
-BYE.
HEY, DO YOU WANT ME
TO COME UP?
THAT'S OKAY.
MOM.
-AH...
-MOM, COME ON.
GET UP.
COME ON.
[GROANS]
-GREG LEFT ME.
-YEAH.
[ CARTOONS ON TV ]
HE LEFT ME.
-AH!
-DAMN!
-COME ON, GET UP.
-HI, HONEY.
IT'S OKAY, LILY.
IT'S OKAY, HONEY.
HIS SETTLEMENT CHECK
CAME IN.
SETTLEMENT CHECK CAME IN.
AND NOW THAT HE'S--
HE'S GOT MONEY,
HE CAN'T BE WITH
SOMEBODY LIKE ME ANYMORE.
[ LAUGHING ]
NO, IT'S THURSDAY, I GOT--
I GOTTA GO TO BINGO.
MAYBE HE'LL BE THERE.
YOU'RE NOT GOING NOWHERE.
YOU'RE BETTER OFF WITHOUT HIM.
STOP IT!
STOP IT, IT'S YOUR FAULT
HE LEFT ME!
YOU RUINED IT!
YOU FUCKED IT ALL UP
FOR ME.
WHO'S GONNA WANT ME NOW?
WHO'S GONNA WANT ME?
WHERE ARE WE GONNA LIVE?
WE DON'T HAVE ANY MONEY.
WE DON'T HAVE ANYTHING!
WHAT AM I GONNA DO?
WHAT AM I GONNA DO?!
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?!
LILY'S OUT THERE
BY HERSELF RIGHT NOW!
WHY YOU GOTTA BE LIKE THIS?
WHAT DID WE EVER DO TO YOU?!
GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE.
GET THE FUCK OUT
OF MY HOUSE!
GET THE FUCK
OUT OF MY HOUSE!
[ WHIMPERING ]
COME ON, BABY,
PUT YOUR COAT ON.
AH!
WE'RE GOING NEXT DOOR,
OKAY?
WE'RE GETTING OUT OF HERE.
COME ON.
-WHAT FLOOR IS JLB ON?
-28.
-THANK YOU.
-YOU'RE WELCOME.
WHEN WE LOOK AT BIG O,
WHAT'RE WE LOOKIN' AT,
BABY?
I MEAN,
I'M GIVING YOU POVERTY.
I'M GIVING YOU THE SLUM,
'CAUSE THAT'S
WHERE I'M FROM.
SO, I TURN IT AROUND
AND PUT IT ALL...
-UM, I'M LOOKING
FOR WINK HARRIS.
-WHO?
HE'S SUPPOSED TO BE HERE
WITH ROY DARUCHER.
OH, I THINK THEY'RE ALL
DOWN IN STUDIO B.
-ALL RIGHT, THANK YOU.
-MM-HMM.
[ BIG O: ] ...ANYTHING I COULD
FOR EXPOSURE, YOU KNOW
WHAT I'M SAYING?
NO DOUBT, NO DOUBT.
NOW, LIKE, BIG O,
BIG UPS
AND CONGRATULATIONS,
PLAYBOY PLAYER.
-YOU FINALLY GOT
YOUR RECORD ON THE RADIO.
-OH, MAN.
-HOW DOES THAT
MAKE YOU FEEL, MAN?
-OH, IT'S JUST MUCH LOVE.
I WANNA THANK YOU
AND WJLB, MAN.
FOR LOOKING OUT
FOR ME LIKE THAT.
THAT WAS MUCH LOVE.
I'M REALLY JUST TRYING TO
PUT DETROIT, THE EAST SIDE
FOR SURE, ON THE MAP.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
AND WE GONNA DO IT FOR REAL.
HOPEFULLY,
WE'LL GET A PIPELINE
TO COME THROUGH HERE,
AND THE WHOLE INDUSTRY
WILL LOOK AT US AND THEY'LL
SIGN ALL OF US, MAN.
-WE ALL BE EATIN'.
-WHOA, WHOA,
LET'S TAKE THINGS...
-OH-- WAIT, WAIT, WAIT!
-JIMMY!
STOP IT!
[ GRUNTS ]
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT!
...FLIPPIN' BURGERS, BABY.
I KNOW I HAVE!
YEAH, MAN,
I DID THAT, MAN.
I THOUGHT I RECOGNIZED
YOUR FACE, BABY.
YO, I KNOW YOU BEEN...
STOP IT, STOP IT!
-UH!
-PLEASE, PLEASE!
STOP IT!
JIMMY, STOP IT!
JIMMY!
-HOW LONG YOU BEEN
IN THE GAME, BABY?
-ROUGHLY 15 YEARS.
UH!
OOF!
[ BIG O: ]
OH, MAN, IT'S COMPLETELY
AN HONOR FOR ME
JUST TO COME ON WJLB
AND HAVE YOU DOIN' THIS
FOR ME, MAN.
-I REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
-AIN'T NO PROBLEM, BABY.
YOU KNOW, WE'RE JUST HERE
TO REPRESENT THE D,
YOU KNOW, AND TAKE CARE
OF OUR ARTISTS AND
TAKE CARE OF HOME.
AND I HOPE THAT YOU HAVE
A REAL SUCCESSFUL CAREER
AT WHAT YOU DO,
'CAUSE I KNOW YOU
PUTTIN' IT DOWN.
YOU REPRESENT REAL HARD
FOR THE 3-1-3.
FOR SURE, I'M DOIN' IT.
I'M DOIN' IT FOR Y'ALL, MAN.
THIS IS FOR DETROIT.
3-1-3, BABY.
LOVE.
-THANK YOU, MRS. HELGELAND.
-ANY TIME, JIMMY.
-HAVE A GOOD NIGHT.
-MM-HMM.
HEY, DID YOU HAVE FUN?
-YEAH, I KNOW.
[ BASS BEAT APPROACHES ]
OKAY, BABY,
I WANT YOU TO GO INSIDE,
I WANT YOU TO LOCK THE DOOR.
OKAY?
LISTEN TO ME.
GO INSIDE, LOCK THE DOOR,
AND I'LL BE IN IN A MINUTE,
OKAY?
-OKAY.
GO.
YO, WHAT UP, BITCH?
HA, YOU READY TO GET
KNOCKED OUT, DOE?
WINK SAID YOU LIVED
IN A TRAILER WITH YOUR MOM.
[ ALL LAUGHING ]
BUT WE DIDN'T BELIEVE HIM.
COME ON, ELVIS.
GET UP.
GET UP, BITCH.
GET YOUR FAGGOT ASS UP
AND FIGHT.
WHAT?
WHAT THE FUCK
IS YOU LOOKING AT?
UH!
OH...
GET DOWN.
JIMMY!
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
UH!
COME HERE, COME HERE.
GET THE FUCK UP,
MOTHERFUCKER.
STOP IT!
FIGHT ME,
YOU PUNK-ASS BITCH.
-WHAT THE FUCK
YOU WANNA DO?
-OOF!
OH!
[ COCKS GUN ]
I COULD END
YOUR SHIT RIGHT NOW,
AND NOBODY'D EVEN
MISS YOUR ASS.
NO, NO, NO,
DON'T DO THIS.
COME ON.
HE'S DONE.
FREE WORLD,
MOTHERFUCKER.
[ COUGHING ]
YO, DON'T FORGET
TO COME TO THE SHELTER
TOMORROW NIGHT.
[ LAUGHING ]
[ CONTINUE TALKING,
INDISTINCT ]
JESUS.
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
I FELL.
YOU FELL?
COME ON IN,
I'LL MAKE YOU
SOMETHING TO EAT.
WHAT?
I'M YOUR MOTHER.
I WANNA MAKE YOU
SOMETHING TO EAT.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
THOUGHT YOU WANTED ME OUT.
YOU WANT THE FUCKING
PANCAKES OR NOT?
WHAT'S GOTTEN INTO YOU?
WE'RE NOT GETTING EVICTED.
WHY NOT?
I WENT TO BINGO...
AND I WON!
$3,200!
YOU'RE KIDDING ME.
[ CHUCKLES ]
NOPE.
OUR LUCK'S FINALLY
CHANGING AROUND HERE.
DID YOU MEAN WHAT YOU SAID
ABOUT DOING THAT DEMO
WITH WINK?
NO.
I'M GONNA DO IT ON MY OWN.
YOU KNOW, RABBIT,
I THINK THAT'S
THE BEST WAY.
[ MAN: ]
UP!
DOWN!
HEY, SMITH.
HEY, SMITH!
UP...
DOWN!
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
I FELL DOWN SOME STEPS.
YOU BEEN DOING
MUCH BETTER HERE.
YOU STILL WANT
THOSE EXTRA SHIFTS?
YEAH.
YOU GOT 'EM.
I NEED YOU TO WORK TONIGHT.
I'M A MAN SHORT.
-TONIGHT?
-IS THAT A PROBLEM?
NO PROBLEM.
GOOD.
GO ON,
GET BACK TO WORK.
UP...
HEY, MANNY!
THANKS.
WHAT UP?
SHIT.
WAITIN' ON THIS
SLOW-ASS RIDE.
WHAT YOU STILL
DOIN' HERE?
SOMEBODY CALLED IN SICK,
SO I'M JUST FILLIN' IN.
SHE AIN'T WAITIN' ON ME.
I'LL BE BACK.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
WANTED TO SAY GOODBYE.
I'M GOING TO NEW YORK.
YEAH?
AND?
CAN I GIVE YOU A RIDE,
OR SOMETHING?
NO, I'M COOL.
I'M WORKIN' OVERTIME.
SAVIN' UP FOR
SOMETHING SPECIAL?
YEAH.
STUDIO TIME.
GOOD.
GOOD FOR YOU.
I WAS HOPING TO SEE YOU
AT THE SHELTER TONIGHT.
BUT IF YOU'RE AFRAID,
YOU KNOW...
I'M NOT AFRAID
OF THEM GUYS.
I DIDN'T SAY YOU WERE.
BYE.
HEY, PAUL,
WOULD YOU MIND COVERING
FOR ME FOR A COUPLE HOURS?
YEAH, I CAN DO THAT.
THANKS, MAN.
I OWE YOU.
HEY!
IT'S RABBIT!
-HEY!
-COME ON, MAN.
YO, RABBIT, WAIT UP!
WHAT'S UP, MAN?
WHAT THE HELL
HAPPENED TO YOU?
YOU STRAIGHT?
LOOK AT YOUR EYE.
YEAH, MAN, I'M FINE.
COME ON.
WINK SAID YOU BLEW UP
'CAUSE ROY DARUCHER
WOULDN'T PAY FOR YOUR DEMO.
HE'S ALSO SAYING
SOME CRAZY SHIT
ABOUT HIM AND ALEX.
WE GONNA JUMP
THOSE GUYS AGAIN?
FUCK THAT.
I'MMA BATTLE HIM.
FOR REAL?
YEAH.
[ MUMBLING ]
YO, YOU GUYS COMING OR WHAT?
HEY.
[ RAPPING: ]
CHEDDAR, I CAN
RIP YOU TO A SHREDDER,
CHEDDAR CHEESE, THERE'S NOT
A BETTER M.C. THAN ME.
I'M B. RABBIT, BITCH.
STING LIKE A BEE.
FLOAT LIKE A BUTTERFLY,
WHAT AM I?
SO WHAT IF I CUT A GUY?
DID I S-S-STUTTER, GUY?
LEAVE YOU PUNCH-DRUNK
FROM LUNCH TRUCK TO SHELTER.
YOU NEVER FELT THE WRATH
OF HELTER-SKELTER.
MELT YA.
GOT THE BELT FOR
THE WELTER-WEIGHT CHAMP.
YOU GOT IN WITH A FAKE STAMP.
GARBAGE BAG FULL OF CLOTHES,
STILL PULLING HOES.
RIP YOU FROM HEAD TO TOE,
FROM LEG TO BULLET HOLE.
NEXT GUN, PULL IT SLOW,
AND AIM AT THE FREE WORLD
'FORE YOU LET IT GO.
INSTEAD OF "OH...
"I JUST SHOT MY DICK HEAD,"
AND YES,
YOU DO GOT A BIG HEAD.
I CAN'T CALL IT,
CHEDDAR, WHERE'S YOUR WALLET?
YOU'RE SO DRUNK, YOU CAN
OUT-DRINK THE ALCOHOLICS.
MAKE 'EM SAY, "DAMN,
CHEDDAR'S THE MAN.
HE NEEDS A CAN
SURGICALLY REMOVED
FROM HIS HAND."
[ ALL LAUGHING ]
SO, YOU AGAIN?
LOOK LIKE A FUCKING
HANDICAPPED CONVENTION
IN HERE.
BUNCH OF CRIPPLED
MOTHERFUCKERS.
OH, Y'ALL, DON'T SHOOT!
[ LAUGHING ]
HEY, YO, LET'S GET
THE FUCK OUT OF HERE.
FUCK THAT WHITE BOY.
YO, I NEED TO GET
SOME PRIVACY, YOU GUYS.
CAN I COME?
HEY, MAN.
-I APOLOGIZE...
-STOP IT.
DON'T DO IT.
I AIN'T EVEN TRIP.
BUT YOU JUST MAKE SURE,
YOU FLIP THE SCRIPT
ON THIS SHIT, TONIGHT.
YOU UNDERSTAND ME?
HM?
THANK YOU.
IT'S ON TONIGHT, RABBIT.
LET'S DO IT.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT!
HOW YOU FEELIN' OUT THERE?!
Y'ALL FEELIN' ALL RIGHT?
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
NEXT UP IS L.C. LYCKETY-SPLYT.
SLAUGHTER HIM, MAN.
SLAUGHTER HIM.
AND MY MAN, B-RABBIT.
B-RABBIT, WHERE YOU AT?
B-RABBIT, COME TO THE STAGE.
WHERE THE FUCK IS B-RABBIT?
-[ DOOR OPENS ]
- [ FUTURE: ]
COME ON, WHERE'S HE AT?
YO, B., THEY'RE CALLING
YOUR NAME.
YOU DREW LYCKETY-SPLYT
IN THE FIRST ROUND.
YOU OKAY WITH THAT?
YEAH.
I DON'T GIVE A FUCK
WHO IT IS.
OKAY.
WHERE THE FUCK IS B-RABBIT?!
B-RABBIT!
COME ON STAGE, MAN.
GOT EVERYBODY WAITIN'.
ALL RIGHT, GONNA LET Y'ALL
KNOW IT'S GONNA BE BLAZIN'
UP IN THIS BITCH TONIGHT.
GOT A LOT OF DOPE RAPPERS
COMIN' TO THE STAGE NOW,
AND AT THE END OF THE NIGHT,
ONE OF THESE CATS
IS GONNA BATTLE THE WINNER
OF LAST WEEK, PAPA DOC.
TRUST ME, THIS SHIT IS GONNA
BE OFF THE HOOK, SO YOU MIGHT
WANNA STICK AROUND.
COME UP
TO THE STAGE, RABBIT.
COME UP TO THE STAGE.
B-RABBIT!
WHERE YOU AT?
OH, THERE HE IS, COME ON.
ALL RIGHT, MAKE WAY
FOR THE RABBIT.
-LET HIM COME THROUGH.
-[ ALL JEERING ]
COME ON, LET THE ARTIST GET
TO THE MOTHERFUCKIN' STAGE.
COME ON, MAN.
ALL RIGHT, COME ON UP.
COME ON, B-RABBIT.
-LET HIM UP, LET HIM UP.
-GET YOUR ASS UP.
YOU GOOD?
CHOOSE SOMETHIN'.
-HEADS.
-HEADS?
YOU GOT IT.
COME ON, MAN, I'LL GO FIRST
AGAINST THIS CHOKE-ARTIST,
MAN.
OKAY, OKAY, YOU GOT
ENOUGH CONFIDENCE.
HEY, DO YOUR THING.
45 SECONDS.
YO, DJ!
-SPIN THAT SHIT!
-DO IT!
[ ♪ BEAT STARTS ♪ ]
FREE WORLD, OKAY?
TELL YOU SOMETHIN'.
CHECK THIS OUT,
CHECK THIS OUT.
YO,
THIS GUY'S A CHOKE ARTIST,
YOU CATCH A BAD ONE.
YOU'RE BETTER OFF SHOOTIN'
YOURSELF WITH PAPA DOC'S
HANDGUN.
CLIMBING UP THIS MOUNTAIN,
YOU'RE WEAK.
I LEAVE YOU LOST WITHOUT
A PADDLE FLOATING
SHIT CREEK.
YOU AIN'T DETROIT, I'M THE D.
YOU THE NEW KID ON THE BLOCK.
'BOUT TO GET SMACKED
BACK TO THE BOONDOCKS.
FUCKIN' NAZI,
YOUR SQUAD AIN'T YOUR TYPE,
TAKE SOME REAL ADVICE.
AND FORM A GROUP
WITH VANILLA ICE.
WHAT I TELL YOU,
YOU BETTER USE IT.
THIS GUY'S A HILLBILLY,
THIS AIN'T WILLY NELSON MUSIC.
TRAILER TRASH, I CHOKE YOU
TO YOUR LAST BREATH,
HAVE YOU LOOK FOOLISH
LIKE CHEDDAR BOB
WHEN HE SHOOT HIMSELF.
-NO...
-SILLY RABBIT, I KNOW WHY
THEY CALL YOU THAT.
'CAUSE YOU FOLLOW FUTURE
LIKE HE GOT CARROTS
UP HIS ASS CRACK.
AND WHEN YOU ACTIN' UP,
THAT'S WHEN YOU GOT JACKED UP,
AND THAT'S STUPID
LIKE TINA TURNER WHEN
SHE GOT SMACKED UP.
I CRACK YOUR SHOULDER BLADE.
YOU'LL GET DROPPED SO HARD
THAT ELVIS WILL START
TURNING IN HIS GRAVE.
I DON'T KNOW WHY THEY
LET YOU OUT IN THE DARK.
YOU NEED TO TAKE
YOUR WHITE ASS BACK ACROSS
8-MILE TO THE TRAILER PARK.
[ ALL CHEERING ]
-OH, SHIT!
-WHOA, WHOA, WHOA!
OKAY, OKAY,
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
VERY NICE, VERY NICE.
LET ME GET THAT MIC, MAN.
PRETTY GOOD, PRETTY GOOD.
HIP-HOP 101.
HEY, BUNNY RABBIT,
IT'S YOUR TURN, BABY.
45 SECONDS.
LET THIS MOTHERFUCKER
FEEL IT!
ALL RIGHT?
YO, DJ, SPIN THAT SHIT.
[ ♪ BEAT STARTS ♪ ]
COME ON, RABBIT!
DON'T CHOKE THIS TIME.
ALL RIGHT, LOOK.
HE'S CHOKIN'!
GET THE FUCK OFF THE STAGE!
[ JEERING ]
HEY, YO.
THIS GUY RAPS LIKE
HIS PARENTS JERKED HIM,
HE SOUNDS LIKE ERIC SERMON,
THE GENERIC VERSION.
THIS WHOLE CROWD
LOOKS SUSPICIOUS.
IT'S ALL DUDES IN HERE,
-EXCEPT FOR THESE BITCHES.
-FUCK YOU!
SO I'M A GERMAN, EH?
THAT'S OKAY.
YOU LOOK LIKE A FUCKING
WORM WITH BRAIDS.
THESE LEADERS OF
THE FREE WORLD ROOKIES,
LOOKIE, HOW CAN SIX DICKS
BE PUSSIES?
-BITCH.
-TALKIN' ABOUT SHIT'S CREEK,
BITCH, YOU COULD BE
UP PISS CREEK,
WITH PADDLES THIS DEEP,
YOU'RE STILL GONNA SINK.
YOU'RE A DISGRACE,
YEAH, THEY CALL ME RABBIT.
THIS IS A TURTLE RACE.
YOU CAN'T GET WITH ME
SPITTIN' THIS SHIT,
WICKEDLY LICKIN' THESE SHOTS,
A-SPICK-ASPICKITY,
SPLIT LICKETY.
[ ALL CHEERING]
NOW I'M GONNA TURN AROUND
WITH A GREAT SMILE
AND WALK MY WHITE ASS
BACK ACROSS 8-MILE.
[ LOUD CHEERING ]
OH!
WHOA, WHOA,
SAY NO MORE!
THAT'S WHAT I'M
TALKING ABOUT!
IT'S UNANIMOUS.
BUNNY RABBIT
GOES TO THE NEXT ROUND!
HEY, LYCKETY, TELL YOUR MOMMA
I'LL BE OVER LATER.
TELL HER TO SAVE ME A PLATE.
KILLED IT.
GOOD SHIT.
ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
HOLD UP, HOLD UP, HOLD UP.
NEXT UP, WE GOT, UH,
OX AND STRIKE.
COME TO THE STAGE,
MOTHERFUCKERS.
WE AIN'T GOT ALL DAY.
YO, RABBIT!
[ LAUGHING ]
[ ♪ RAP PLAYS ♪ ]
-OKAY, OKAY, B-RABBIT,
CALL IT.
-HEADS.
-SHOW ME A WINNER!
CHOOSE.
LOTTO, IT'S ON YOU, BABY.
YOU FIRST.
-DON'T MATTER, DOG.
-D.J., SPIN THAT SHIT.
[ ♪ BEAT STARTS ♪ ]
OH, HE'S ALWAYS
TAKIN' HIS SHIRT OFF.
COME ON,
GONNA SMASH THIS CAT.
YOU KNOW WHO
THE FUCK IT IS.
FUCK THIS COWARD, DOG.
FREE WORLD IN
THE MOTHERFUCKIN' HOUSE.
WHAT'S GOING ON, BABY?
IT'S TIME TO GET RID
OF THIS COWARD RIGHT HERE
ONCE AND FOR ALL.
SICK OF THIS MOTHERFUCKER.
-CHECK THIS SHIT OUT.
-RIP IT, BABY, RIP IT, YEAH.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
YO.
I'LL SPIT A RACIAL SLUR,
HONKY, SUE ME.
THIS SHIT IS A HORROR FLICK,
BUT THE BLACK GUY DOESN'T
DIE IN THIS MOVIE.
-OH!
-FUCKIN' WITH LOTTO, DOG,
YOU GOTTA BE KIDDIN',
THAT MAKES ME BELIEVE
YOU REALLY DON'T HAVE
AN INTEREST IN LIVIN'.
YOU THINK THESE NIGGAS GONNA
FEEL THE SHIT YOU SAY?
I GOT A BETTER CHANCE
JOINING THE KKK.
WANT SOME REAL SHIT, THOUGH?
I LIKE YOU.
THAT'S WHY I DIDN'T WANT
TO HAVE TO BE THE ONE
YOU COMMIT SUICIDE TO.
FUCK LOTTO,
CALL ME YOUR LEADER,
I FEEL BAD I GOTTA
MURDER THAT DUDE FROM
"LEAVE IT TO BEAVER."
I USED TO LIKE THAT SHOW.
NOW YOU GOT ME
IN FIGHT-BACK MODE.
BUT I'LL BOUNCE,
YOU GOTTA GO,
THEN YOU GOTTA GO!
I HATE TO DO THIS.
I WOULD LOVE FOR
THIS SHIT TO LAST.
SO I'LL TAKE PICTURES
OF MY REAR END SO YOU
DON'T FORGET MY ASS.
BUT ALL'S WELL
THAT ENDS OKAY,
SO I'LL END THIS SHIT
WITH A "FUCK YOU,
BUT HAVE A NICE DAY.
[ ALL: ]
WHOA!
WHOA, WHOA,
OKAY, OKAY.
CAN'T BE MAD.
CAN'T BE BAD.
-KILLED THAT FUCKED-UP
WHITE BOY. FUCK!
-THAT AIN'T SHIT.
-OKAY, OKAY.
SETTLE DOWN, SETTLE DOWN.
GIVE THE MAN A CHANCE.
ALL RIGHT, BUNNY RABBIT'S
UP NEXT.
ALL RIGHT, B-RABBIT,
YOU GOT THE MIC.
IT'S ON YOU.
YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO.
D.J., SPIN THAT SHIT!
[ ♪ BEAT STARTS ♪ ]
[ MAN: ]
HE AIN'T GOT SHIT...!
WHAT UP?
YOU GOT SOMETHIN'?
LET ME HEAR SOMETHING.
YOU CAN'T FUCK WITH US!
LET'S SEE WHAT YOU GOT.
-COME ON, RABBIT!
GET HIM!
NO MORE OF THIS.
NAH...
WARD, I THINK YOU WERE
A LITTLE HARD ON THE BEAVER,
SO WAS EDDIE HASKELL, WALLY,
AND MS. CLEAVER.
THIS GUY KEEPS SCREAMIN',
HE'S PARANOID.
QUICK, SOMEONE GET HIS ASS
ANOTHER STEROID.
BLAH-BIDDY-BLAH,
BLOOH-BLAH,
I AIN'T HEARD A WORD
YOU SAID, HIPPETY-HOOPLAH!
IS THAT A TANK TOP,
OR A NEW BRA?
LOOK, SNOOP DOG JUST
GOT A FUCKIN' BOOB JOB.
DID YOU LISTEN
TO THE LAST ROUND,
MEAT HEAD?
-PAY ATTENTION, YOU'RE SAYING
THE SAME SHIT HE SAID.
-I'M GONNA FUCK YOU UP!
MATTER OF FACT, DOG,
HERE'S A PENCIL.
GO HOME, WRITE SOME SHIT,
MAKE IT SUSPENSEFUL,
AND DON'T COME BACK UNTIL
SOMETHIN' DOPE HIT YOU.
FUCK IT, YOU CAN TAKE
THE MIC HOME WITH YOU.
LOOKIN' LIKE A CYCLONE
HIT YOU,
TANK TOP SCREAMIN',
"LOTTO, I DON'T FIT YOU!"
YOU SEE HOW FAR
THEM WHITE JOKES GET YOU.
BOYS LIKE,
"HOW'S VANILLA ICE
GONNA DIS YOU?"
MY MOTTO, FUCK LOTTO.
I GET THE 7 DIGITS
FROM YOUR MOTHER FOR
A DOLLAR TOMORROW.
[ ALL CHEERING ]
[ SCREAMING ]
WHOO-HOO-HOO-HOO!
[ FUTURE: ]
IT'S REAL AS IT FEELS!
ALL RIGHT,
HOLD ON, HOLD ON, HOLD ON.
THAT WAS SOME CLOSE SHIT.
LET'S SEE WHAT'S POPPIN'.
HOW Y'ALL FEELIN'
ABOUT LOTTO OVER HERE?
[ LOUD CHEERING ]
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
B-RABBIT?
[ LOUD CHEERING ]
OKAY, OKAY,
WE GONNA DO THIS AGAIN.
IT'S HARD TO JUDGE.
ALL RIGHT, WHAT'S UP
WITH LOTTO?
[ LOUD CHEERING ]
OKAY, LOT OF LOVE,
LOT OF LOVE.
WHAT ABOUT B-RABBIT?
[ LOUDER CHEERING ]
[ FUTURE: ]
SAY NO MORE!
B-RABBIT ADVANCES
TO THE NEXT ROUND.
HE'S GOING TO THE FINALS,
HE'S GOING UP AGAINST
PAPA DOC.
AND THAT'S THE WAY
IT'S GOING DOWN.
ALRIGHT, CHECK THIS,
CHECK THIS.
WE'RE GOING ON
A 15-MINUTE INTERMISSION.
MAKE SURE Y'ALL TIP
THE BARTENDERS, Y'ALL.
15 MINUTES.
Y'ALL BE BACK FOR
THE FINAL ROUND, ALL RIGHT?
YEAH, THAT'S ALL RIGHT,
'CAUSE WE GOT MORE THAN
7 DIGITS FROM YOUR BITCH.
[ MUSIC AND CHEERING
START UP ]
FUCK THAT.
YOU HIT IT, KID.
BOOM, BOOM, BOOM,
BOOM.
HA HA!
MAN, FUCK HIM.
FUCK LYCKITY, MAN.
YO,
THAT "LEAVE IT TO BEAVER"
LINE ALMOST KILLED ME.
BUT YOU FLIPPED IT ON HIM.
YOU GOT IT, MAN.
YOU'RE A FUCKIN'
GENIUS, MAN.
YO, JUST MAKE SURE YOU
SERVE THIS CLOWN IN
THE NEXT ROUND FOR ME.
-PLEASE.
-YEAH, WHUP PAPA DOC'S ASS.
HE AIN'T GOT NO
VOCABULARY.
ARE YOU WORRIED ABOUT
WHAT HE'S GONNA SAY?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU KNOW, ABOUT WINK
AND THAT ALEX BITCH
GETTIN' IT ON.
AND THEM BEATIN'
YOU UP AND GIVIN' YOU
A BLACK EYE AND SHIT.
COME ON, CHEDDAR.
FUCK ALL THAT.
LISTEN TO ME, MAN.
YOU MAKIN'
HISTORY TONIGHT.
YEAH,
HE AIN'T NOTHIN'.
YOU GOT HIM.
OH, YEAH.
YOU GOT THIS.
[ CROWD STARTS CHEERING ]
[ FUTURE: ]
ALL RIGHT, Y'ALL KNOW
WHAT'S HAPPENING.
IT'S THE CHAMPIONSHIP ROUND.
AND YES, BELIEVE IT'S REAL.
IT'S TIME.
WE GOT PAPA DOC...
AND WE GOT B-RABBIT.
NOW, I DON'T EVEN HAVE
TO STRESS HOW IMPORTANT
THIS IS.
IT'S THE CHAMPIONSHIP.
WE AT THIS MOTHERFUCKER.
THIS WHAT WE CAME TO SEE.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
THAT'S WHY THE FUCK WE IN
THE D.
WE REPRESENT.
WE AT THE SHELTER,
GODDAMNIT.
IT'S REAL.
I HOPE Y'ALL READY.
THIS SHIT IS ABOUT
TO BE CRACKULATIN'
IN THIS BITCH.
ALL RIGHT, HOLD ON, HOLD ON.
GOTTA DO THIS COIN TOSS.
AND BEIN' THAT PAPA DOC
IS THE DEFENDIN' CHAMPION,
YOU GET TO CHOOSE.
WHAT YOU GONNA DO?
HEADS OR TAILS?
-HEADS.
OKAY.
WHO GOES FIRST?
LET THAT BITCH GO FIRST.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA!
I CAN'T BELIEVE MY EARS.
LOT OF HOSTILITY.
PAPA GOT A LOT OF ANGER.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
CHECK THIS OUT,
WE GOT NEW RULES.
BEIN' THAT IT'S
THE CHAMPIONSHIP ROUND,
EACH OF THESE CATS--
THEY GET A MINUTE
AND A HALF A PIECE.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S
GONNA HAPPEN.
YOU READY?
YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO.
D.J., KICK THAT SHIT.
[ ♪ BEAT STARTS PLAYING ♪]
[ CROWD CHANTING
WITH BEAT ]
NOW, EVERYBODY FROM THE 3-1-3,
PUT YOUR MOTHERFUCKIN'
HANDS UP AND FOLLOW ME.
EVERYBODY FROM THE 3-1-3,
PUT YOUR MOTHERFUCKIN'
HANDS UP, LOOK, LOOK!
NOW, WHILE HE STANDS TOUGH,
NOTICE THAT THIS MAN
DID NOT HAVE HIS HANDS UP.
THIS FREE WORLD'S
GOT YOU GASSED UP.
NOW WHO'S AFRAID
OF THE BIG BAD WOLF?
ONE, TWO, THREE,
AND TO THE FOUR,
ONE PAC, TWO PAC,
THREE PAC, FOUR.
FOUR PACS, THREE PACS,
TWO PACS, ONE.
YOU'RE PAC, HE'S PAC,
YOU'RE PAC-NONE!
THIS GUY AIN'T NO
MOTHERFUCKIN' M.C.
I KNOW EVERYTHING HE'S GOT
TO SAY AGAINST ME.
I AM WHITE,
I AM A FUCKIN' BUM,
I DO LIVE IN
A TRAILER WITH MY MOM.
MY BOY FUTURE
IS AN UNCLE TOM.
I DO GOT A DUMB FRIEND
NAMED CHEDDAR BOB
WHO SHOOTS HIMSELF IN HIS LEG
WITH HIS OWN GUN.
I DID GET JUMPED
BY ALL SIX OF YOU CHUMPS,
AND WINK DID FUCK MY GIRL.
I'M STILL STANDIN' HERE
SCREAMIN' FUCK THE FREE WORLD!
DON'T EVER TRY TO
JUDGE ME, DUDE.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT
THE FUCK I BEEN THROUGH.
BUT I KNOW SOMETHIN'
ABOUT YOU.
YOU WENT TO CRANBROOK.
THAT'S A PRIVATE SCHOOL.
WHAT'S THE MATTER, DOG,
YOU EMBARRASSED?
THIS GUY'S A GANGSTER?
HIS REAL NAME'S CLARENCE.
AND CLARENCE LIVES AT HOME
WITH BOTH PARENTS.
AND CLARENCE'S PARENTS
HAVE A REAL GOOD MARRIAGE.
THIS GUY DON'T
WANT TO BATTLE.
HE'S SHOOK.
-'CAUSE AIN'T NO
SUCH THINGS AS...
-[ ALL: ] ..."HALFWAY CROOKS!"
HE'S SCARED TO DEATH.
HE'S SCARED TO LOOK
IN HIS FUCKIN' YEARBOOK.
FUCK CRANBROOK!
[ MUSIC STOPS ]
FUCK THE BEAT,
I GO A CAPELLA,
FUCK THE PAPA DOC,
FUCK A CLOCK, FUCK A TRAILER,
FUCK EVERYBODY.
FUCK Y'ALL IF YOU DOUBT ME.
I'M A PIECE OF FUCKIN'
WHITE TRASH, I SAY IT
PROUDLY.
FUCK THIS BATTLE,
I DON'T WANNA WIN,
I'M OUTTIE.
HERE, TELL THESE PEOPLE
SOMETHIN' THEY DON'T
KNOW ABOUT ME.
[ CROWD SCREAMING,
CHEERING ]
WHOA!
PAPA DOC,
WHAT YOU GONNA DO?
D.J., D.J.!
A MINUTE AND A HALF.
SPIN THAT SHIT.
[ ♪ BEAT STARTS ♪ ]
[ AUDIENCE CHANTING
TO BEAT ]
YO.
[ ALL STILL CHANTING ]
WHOA!
[ ALL SCREAMING ]
WHOA, WHOA!
OH, OH!
WE GOT A NEW CHAMPION!
B-RABBIT!
-LET'S ROLL.
-LET'S GO, MAN.
[ AUDIENCE CHANTING: ]
3-1-3, FUCK FREE WORLD!
[ CROWD CONTINUES ]
B-RABBIT, B-RABBIT!
THREE AND ONE THIRD!
WE IN THE HOUSE!
DON'T EVER GET IT TWISTED.
THIS IS MY MAN RIGHT HERE.
-B-RABBIT!
-THIS IS MY MAN!
YO, WHERE WE HEADED,
RABBIT?
-YO, WE ON OUR WAY, DOG.
-WE GONNA GET THAT
BIG DEAL SOON.
AND THEN WE GO GETTIN'
ALL THE BITCHES.
-ALL THE BITCHES!
-ALL THE BITCHES.
WHERE WE GOING?
I'M GOING BACK TO WORK.
WORK?
GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE.
YOU AIN'T GOING TO WORK.
YEAH,
YOU THE MAN NOW, DOG.
YOU AIN'T GOTTA WORK.
YEAH, FUCK WINK.
FUCK THE FREE WORLD.
WE ARE THE SHIT!
[ LAUGHS ]
HEY, WHAT'S UP,
Y'ALL?
HOLD ON.
LOOK, MAN,
I BEEN THINKING.
YOU AND ME,
SHOULD HOST
THE BATTLES TOGETHER.
KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
NAH.
THAT'S YOU, DOG.
COME ON.
TELL ME YOU DON'T
WANT TO HOST WITH ME.
YOU'LL HAVE EVERYBODY
LOOKIN' UP TO YOU.
EVERYBODY KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
YEAH, BUT...
I THINK I KINDA NEED
TO JUST DO MY OWN THING,
MAN.
YOU KNOW?
YEAH.
I THINK I DO.
ALL RIGHT, RABBIT.
PEACE OUT, RABBIT!
[ ♪ "LOSE YOURSELF" PLAYS ♪ ]
♪ LOOK ♪
♪ IF YOU HAD... ♪
♪ ONE SHOT ♪
♪ OR ONE OPPORTUNITY ♪
♪ TO SEIZE EVERYTHING
YOU EVER WANTED ♪
♪ IN ONE MOMENT ♪
♪ WOULD YOU CAPTURE IT? ♪
♪ OR JUST LET IT SLIP? ♪
♪ YO, HIS PALMS
ARE SWEATY ♪
♪ KNEES WEAK,
ARMS ARE HEAVY ♪
♪ THERE'S VOMIT
ON HIS SWEATER ALREADY ♪
♪ MOM'S SPAGHETTI,
HE'S NERVOUS ♪
♪ BUT ON THE SURFACE
HE LOOKS CALM AND READY ♪
♪ TO DROP BOMBS, BUT HE
KEEPS ON FORGETTIN' ♪
♪ WHAT HE WROTE DOWN,
THE WHOLE CROWD GOES
SO LOUD ♪
♪ HE OPENS HIS MOUTH,
BUT THE WORDS WON'T
COME OUT ♪
♪ HE'S CHOKIN', HOW?
EVERYBODY'S JOKIN' NOW ♪
♪ THE CLOCK'S RUN OUT,
TIME'S UP, OVER, POW! ♪
♪ SNAP BACK TO REALITY,
OH, THERE GOES GRAVITY ♪
♪ OH, THERE GOES RABBIT,
HE CHOKED, HE'S SO MAD ♪
♪ BUT HE WON'T GIVE UP
THAT EASY, NO,
HE WON'T HAVE IT ♪
HE KNOWS HIS WHOLE BACK'S
TO THESE ROPES ♪
♪ IT DON'T MATTER,
HE'S DOPE, HE KNOWS THAT ♪
♪ BUT HE'S BROKE,
HE'S SO STAGNANT ♪
♪ HE KNOWS WHEN HE GOES
BACK TO HIS MOBILE HOME ♪
♪ THAT'S WHEN IT'S BACK
TO THE LAB AGAIN, YO ♪
♪ THIS WHOLE RHAPSODY
HE BETTER GO CAPTURE ♪
♪ THIS MOMENT AND HOPE
IT DON'T PASS HIM ♪
♪ YOU BETTER LOSE YOURSELF
IN THE MUSIC ♪
♪ THE MOMENT YOU OWN IT,
YOU BETTER NEVER LET IT GO
♪ YOU ONLY GET ONE SHOT,
DO NOT MISS YOUR CHANCE
TO BLOW ♪
♪ THIS OPPORTUNITY
COMES ONCE IN A LIFETIME ♪
♪ YOU BETTER LOSE YOURSELF
IN THE MUSIC ♪
♪ THE MOMENT YOU OWN IT,
YOU BETTER NEVER LET IT GO ♪
♪ YOU ONLY GET ONE SHOT,
DO NOT MISS YOUR CHANCE
TO BLOW ♪
♪ THIS OPPORTUNITY COMES
ONCE IN A LIFETIME ♪
♪ THE SOUL'S ESCAPING
THROUGH THIS HOLE
THAT IS GAPING ♪
♪ THIS WORLD IS MINE
FOR THE TAKING ♪
♪ MAKE ME KING AS WE MOVE
TOWARD A NEW WORLD ORDER ♪
♪ A NORMAL LIFE IS BORIN',
BUT SUPERSTARDOM'S CLOSE
TO POST MORTEM ♪
♪ IT ONLY GROWS HARDER,
ONLY GROWS HOTTER ♪
♪ HE BLOWS US ALL OVER,
THESE HOES IS ALL ON HIM ♪
♪ COAST TO COAST SHOWS,
HE'S KNOWN AS
THE GLOBETROTTER ♪
♪ LONELY ROADS,
GOD ONLY KNOWS HE'S
GROWN FARTHER FROM HOME ♪
♪ HE'S NO FATHER,
HE GOES HOME AND BARELY
KNOWS HIS OWN DAUGHTER ♪
♪ BUT HOLD YOUR NOSE 'CAUSE
HERE GOES THE COLD WATER ♪
♪ THESE HOES DON'T WANT HIM
NO MORE, HE'S COLD PRODUCT ♪
♪ THEY MOVED ON TO
THE NEXT SCHMO WHO FLOWS,
HE NOSE DOVE AND SOLD NADA ♪
♪ SO THE SOAP OPERA
IS TOLD AND UNFOLDS,
I SUPPOSE IT'S OLD, PARTNER ♪
♪ BUT THE BEAT GOES ON,
DA DA DUM DA DUM DA DA ♪
♪ YOU BETTER LOSE YOURSELF
IN THE MUSIC ♪
♪ THE MOMENT YOU OWN IT,
YOU BETTER NEVER LET IT GO ♪
♪ YOU ONLY GET ONE SHOT,
DO NOT MISS YOUR CHANCE
TO BLOW ♪
♪ THIS OPPORTUNITY
COMES ONCE IN A LIFETIME ♪
♪ YOU BETTER LOSE YOURSELF
IN THE MUSIC ♪
♪ THE MOMENT YOU OWN IT,
YOU BETTER NEVER LET IT GO ♪
♪ YOU ONLY GET ONE SHOT,
DO NOT MISS YOUR CHANCE
TO BLOW ♪
♪ THIS OPPORTUNITY
COMES ONCE IN A LIFETIME ♪
♪ NO MORE GAMES, I'M GONNA
CHANGE WHAT YOU CALL RAGE ♪
♪ TEAR THIS
MOTHERFUCKIN' ROOF OFF
LIKE TWO DOGS CAGED ♪
♪ I WAS PLAYIN' IN
THE BEGINNING,
THE MOOD ALL CHANGED ♪
♪ I BEEN CHEWED UP
AND SPIT OUT AND BOOED
OFF STAGE ♪
♪ BUT I KEPT RHYMIN' AND
STEPWRITIN' THE NEXT CYPHER ♪
♪ BEST BELIEVE SOMEBODY'S
PAYIN' THE PIED PIPER ♪
♪ ALL THE PAIN INSIDE
AMPLIFIED BY THE FACT ♪
♪ THAT I CAN'T GET
BY WITH MY NINE-TO-FIVE
AND I CAN'T PROVIDE ♪
♪ THE RIGHT TYPE
OF LIFE FOR MY FAMILY ♪
♪ 'CAUSE MAN,
THESE GODDAMN FOOD STAMPS
DON'T BUY DIAPERS ♪
♪ AND IT'S NO MOVIE,
THERE'S NO MEKHI PHIFER ♪
♪ THIS IS MY LIFE,
AND THESE TIMES ARE SO HARD ♪
♪ AND IT'S GETTING
EVEN HARDER TRYIN' TO
FEED AND WATER MY SEED ♪
♪ PLUS SEE DISHONOR
CAUGHT UP BEIN' A FATHER
AND A PRIMA DONNA ♪
♪ BABY MAMA DRAMA'S SCREAMIN'
ON AND TOO MUCH FOR ME
TO WANNA STAY IN ONE SPOT ♪
♪ ANOTHER DAY OF MONOTONY
HAS GOTTEN ME TO THE POINT ♪
♪ I'M LIKE A SNAIL,
I'VE GOT TO FORMULATE
A PLOT ♪
♪ OR I END UP
IN JAIL OR SHOT ♪
♪ SUCCESS IS MY ONLY
MOTHERFUCKIN' OPTION,
FAILURE'S NOT ♪
♪ MOM, I LOVE YOU,
BUT THIS TRAILER'S
GOT TO GO ♪
♪ I CANNOT GROW OLD
IN SALEM'S LOT, SO HERE
I GO, IT'S MY SHOT ♪
♪ FEET, FAIL ME NOT,
THIS MAYBE THE ONLY
OPPORTUNITY THAT I GOT ♪
♪ YOU BETTER LOSE YOURSELF
IN THE MUSIC ♪
♪ THE MOMENT YOU OWN IT,
YOU BETTER NEVER LET IT GO ♪
♪ YOU ONLY GET ONE SHOT,
DO NOT MISS YOUR CHANCE
TO BLOW ♪
♪ THIS OPPORTUNITY
COMES ONCE IN A LIFETIME ♪
♪ YOU BETTER LOSE YOURSELF
IN THE MUSIC ♪
♪ THE MOMENT YOU OWN IT,
YOU BETTER NEVER LET IT GO ♪
♪ YOU ONLY GET ONE SHOT,
DO NOT MISS YOUR CHANCE
TO BLOW ♪
♪ THIS OPPORTUNITY
COMES ONCE IN A LIFETIME ♪
♪ YOU BETTER... ♪
YOU CAN DO ANYTHING
YOU SET YOUR MIND TO, MAN.
[ ♪ BEAT CONTINUES ♪ ]